index,product,category,sub_category,brand,sale_price,market_price,type,rating,description
1,Garlic Oil - Vegetarian Capsule 500 mg,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Sri Sri Ayurveda,220,220,Hair Oil & Serum,4.1,"This Product contains Garlic Oil that is known to helpproper digestion, maintain proper cholesterol levels, support cardiovascular and also buildimmunity. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
2,Water Bottle - Orange,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage &Accessories,Mastercook,180,180,Water & Fridge Bottles,2.3,"Each product is microwave safe (without lid), refrigerator safe, dishwasher safe and can also be used for re-heating food and not for cooking. All containers come with airtight lids and a wide variety ofattractive colours. Stack these stylish and colourful containers in your kitchen with easeand for a look-good factor."
3,"Brass Angle Deep - Plain, No.2",Cleaning & Household,PoojaNeeds,Trm,119,250,Lamp & Lamp Oil,3.4,"A perfect gift for all occasions, be it your mother, sister, in-laws, boss or your friends, this beautiful designer piece wherever placed,is sure to beautify the surroundings Traditional design This type diya has been used for Diwali and All other Festivals for centuries. Sturdy and easy to carry The feet keep it balanced to ensure safety. Wonderful Oil Lamp made in Brass also called as Jyoti. This is a handcrafted piece of Indian brass Deepak."
4,Cereal Flip Lid Container/Storage Jar - Assorted Colour,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,149,176,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",3.7,"Multipurpose container with an attractive design and made from food-grade plastic for your hygiene and safety ideal for storing pulses. Grains, spices, and more with easy opening and closing flip-open lid. Strong, durable and transparent body for longevity and easy identification of contents. Multipurpose storage solution for your daily needs stores your everyday food essentials in style with the Nakoda container set. With transparent bodies, you can easily identify your stored items without having to open the lids. These containers are ideal for storing a large variety of items such as food grains, snacks and pulses to sugar, spices, condiments and more. Featuring unique flip-open lids, you can easily open and close this container without any hassles."
5,Creme Soft Soap - For Hands & Body,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Nivea,162,162,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.4,"Nivea Creme Soft Soap gives your skin the best care that it must get. The soft bar consists of Vitamins F and Almonds which are really skin gracious and help you get great skin. It provides the skin with moisture and leaves behind flawless and smooth skin. It makes sure that your body is totally free of germs & dirt and at the same time well nourished.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
6,Germ - Removal Multipurpose Wipes,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Nature Protect,169,199,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.3,"Stay protected from contamination with Multipurpose Germ Removal Wipes by Nature Protect, a quality product by Hindustan Unilever Limited, the makers of Surf Excel and Lifebuoy. Infused with neem extract Nature Protect Multipurpose Germ removal wipes helps in cleaning and 99.9% germ removal^. Neem extracts are known to have the power of 100 bio-actives with both anti-viral and anti-bacterial capabilities. Wipes made from 100% biodegradable fabric and balanced with skinâ€™s pH level, our on-the-go hygiene wipes are safe to use on not just surfaces, but human skin, so you can disinfect any exposed parts of your body â€“ such as your hands, elbows, or wrists â€“ as well as the surfaces theyâ€™ve touched.Â A thorough cleaning with on-the-go hygiene wipes helps in keeping surfaces hygienically clean, both inside and outside your home."
7,Multani Mati,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Satinance,58,58,Face Care,3.6,"Satinance multani matti is an excellent skin toner and astringent. reduces oiliness and while nourishing the skin, keeps it soft and grime. improves complexion by facilitating better blood circulation. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
8,Hand Sanitizer - 70% Alcohol Base,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Bionova,250,250,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4,70%Alcohol based is gentle of hand leaves skin soft and moist with a good fragrance. It is really safe for the skin.
9,Biotin & Collagen Volumizing Hair Shampoo + Biotin & Collagen Hair Conditioner,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,StBotanica,1098,1098,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"An exclusive blend with Vitamin B7 Biotin, Hydrolyzed collagen, Oat Extract along with premium & organic cold-pressed ingredients helps to infuse nutrients into every strand and creates the appearance of thicker, fuller healthier looking hair. This powerful formula helps volumize even the skinniest strands into fuller and more abundant looking locks. It is safe for color- treated hair and safe for all hair types. St Botanica Biotin & Collagen Hair Conditioner has been specially formulated to repair dry & damaged hair for full, thick, voluminous, shiny & healthy looking hair! The amazing hair conditioner ingredients include Biotin, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Pro-Vitamin B5, Vitamin E, & Hydrolyzed Silk Proteins for glistening looking hair."
10,"Scrub Pad - Anti- Bacterial, Regular",Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Scotch brite,20,20,"Utensil Scrub-Pad, Glove",4.3,"Scotch Brite Anti- Bacterial Scrub Pad thoroughly cleanses dishes and keeps the kitchen utensils squeaky clean with a pleasant neem fragrance. The scrub is gentle on the hands and does not wear off easily, while eliminating bacteria and making your utensils sparkle and look as good as new with every wash."
11,Wheat Grass Powder - Raw,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,NUTRASHIL,261,290,Flours & Pre-Mixes,4,"Wheatgrass is a superfood potent health food with amazing benefits. It contains all minerals, Vitamins A, B- complex, C, E, I and K. It is extremely rich in protein and contains 17 amino acids. It is thought to benefit health only when fresh and taken on an empty stomach immediately after being mixed."
12,Butter Cookies Gold Collection,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Sapphire,600,600,"Luxury Chocolates, Gifts",2.2,Enjoy a tin full of delicious butter cookies made with pure Danish recipe. Enjoy them as an energy snack. or with tea and coffee. Sapphire Butter cookies make a perfect gift pack for your loved ones. This product is 100% vegetarian.
13,"Face Wash - Oil Control, Active",Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Oxy,110,110,Face Care,5,"This face wash deeply cleanses dirt and impurities. Active ingredients help remove excess oil and other pimple causing germs, leaving skin clean and fresh. Its a oil-control & pimple clearing ingredients which rid your skin of excess oil and other a pimple-causing germs, leaving it clean and fresh."
14,Mold & Mildew Remover with Bleach,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Clorox,350,350,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.8,"This formula has been scientifically proven to kill 99.9% of germs. It removes mold & mildew powerfully, leaving no residue behind. cleans & disinfects at the same time. Colox Mold & Mildew Remover with Bleach is perfect for a solution for a germ-free house."
15,Just Spray - Mosquito Repellent Room Spray,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Herbal Strategi,200,200,Mosquito Repellent,4.2,"Strategi Just Spray is a very effective 100% Herbal Mosquito Repellent Room Spray completed from a distinctive mix of plant extracts and fragrant oils which remains mosquitoes away for 8-12 hrs. Just Spray has been developed to remove the discomfort of using chemical mosquito repellents such as chemical vaporisers, chemical mosquito coils etc."
16,Dove Plastic Soap Case - Assorted Colour,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,49,59,Soap Cases & Dispensers,4,"This soap case is made of virgin plastic which makes it strong and durable. This is ideal for the bathroom, kitchen, etc.This will protect your soap bars from melting and will make it lasts longer."
17,Smooth Skin Oil - For Dry Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Treasures,324,360,Aromatherapy,5,"Specially crafted for dry skin, this richly formulated skin oil restores the natural moisture of the skin, improves its health and youthfulness. Not to mention how soft, shiny and smooth it makes your skin."
18,Salted Pumpkin,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Graminway,180,180,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.9,"Graminway Salted Pumpkin Seeds are the perfect snack for your family. These are ancient food, lost with time. These are tiny nutritional powerhouses loaded with essential elements, many of which are trace elements. They are rich in manganese, magnesium, copper, and zinc, which can give your health an added boost. Pumpkin seeds are the best sources of plant-based omega-3s (alpha-linolenic acid). Also, they are rich in healthy fats, antioxidants, and fibres. Moreover, they are easy to carry and make an excellent snack when you are on the go and can be a quick snack when you are home too. At Graminway, they believe that everyone deserves to live a full and healthy life. The intake of their food supplements will provide a good foundation for a healthy lifestyle. They are committed to providing the highest quality products at affordable price."
19,Flax Seeds - Roasted,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,120,120,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.3,"True Elements brings to you Roasted Flax Seeds that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. It is perfectly crunchy and is 100% natural and high-quality. These seeds are slightly roasted to get maximum health benefits and the right crunch. It is very high in fibre and provides good amounts of protein. It is also rich in fat and Omega 3. It is a great mid-meal snack, sprinkled over breakfast, soups or can be ground into a powder and added to food."
20,Organic Tofu - Soy Paneer,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Murginns,85.14,90,Tofu,3.9,"We at Wellness Foods, manufacture dairy and non-dairy products, Fresh Cheese, Tofu, and Butter. Our tofu is 100% organic without any preservatives. Our cheese is handcrafted by an Italian cheesemaker, from milk directly procured from farmers.Murginns’ fresh and firm Organic tofu is the perfect non-dairy substitute to paneer or cottage cheese, made from organic soybeans. Tofu, also called bean curd, is a preparation made by soya milk coagulation. A good source of calcium, manganese, copper, selenium, protein, phosphorus, and rich in vitamin B1."
21,Ceramic Barrel Brush - Colour May Vary,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Bronson Professional,525,700,Tools & Accessories,4.2,This Ceramic Barrel Brush by Bronson Professional is lightweight and the rubber grip ensures easy handling. It distributes the heatn easily and reduces hair drying time. The ceramic-coated barrel emits negative ions reducing frizz.
22,Instant Noodles - Chicken Satay Flavor,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Koka,45,50,Imported Noodles,4.1,"Koka Instant noodles are known for their carefully selected ingredients and specially formulated recipes. It promises great taste without the addition of MSG. A leading instant noodle brand, Koka offers you great taste, texture and flavour. It is available in variety of Asian flavours and it comes in packets or as cup noodles. From the packet noodles range comes the Koka Instant Noodles Chicken Satay Flavour."
23,Chia Seeds,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,NaturoBell,120,120,Other Dry Fruits,3.9,"Raw Chia seeds, naturally gluten free, lyva raw chia seeds are a whole, vegetarian food, naturally rich in omega-3 and omega-6 essential fatty acids, dietary fiber, protein and other essential minerals. just a spoonful of lyva raw chia seeds a day is an easy and delicious way to support your digestive health and satiate your appetite homemade buffalo manure has been used as a compost during the cultivation of these seeds. no pesticides or insecticides were used making it near organic suggested uses - 1 tbsp. Daily mixes easily in water or juice. excellent when used as a topping for yogurt, salad, breakfast cereals, blended smoothie beverages and fresh coconut water ingredients - organically grown 100% chia seed (salvia hispanica) 15 g of chia seeds provide - all your daily requirement of omega-3 and omega 6 - also boosts the fiber, antioxidants and protein in your diet."
24,Cleanse Green Tea - Whole Leaf Loose Tea,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Cambridge Tea Party,75,75,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.9,"This beautiful box of Cambridge Tea Party Cleanse has 50g, 25 servings of Whole leaf Green Tea. This tea will give the antioxidant boost and helps you get strong. Cambridge Tea Party is one of the premier tea brands in the world."
25,Veggie Cutter,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,IRICH,195,195,Choppers & Graters,5,"Food Grade High Quality Plastic, Keep and store knife away from the reach of children. Multi use 2-in-1 Veg Cutter with Round Sharp steel blade along with slicer, Specially designed for cutting vegetables and fruits with locking system. Easy to use and wash"
26,Insulated Hot Fresh Casserole For Roti/Chapati - White,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Flask & Casserole,Cello,659,895,Casserole,3.3,"Stop your worries about keeping your food warm during your dinner. Aesthetically designed, Cello's vibrant casseroles are an absolute marvel of design elegance. It is made of food-grade material with a thermic guard. The inner mirror-finished liner parts are fabricated out of non-magnetic stainless steel seat. The plastic outer body and lead components are moulded out of virgin food grade plastic polymers which gives it a sturdy and beautiful finish. With a unique glazed finish that gives a sophisticated look, is one of a superlative essential in your kitchen collections. Scientifically measured insulation properties keep food warm and fresh just as home packed food is expected to be."
27,Granola - Happy Berries,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Fit & Flex,245,265,Granola & Cereal Bars,3.5,"Fit & Flex granola is not just crunchy and tasty, it is also incredibly great for you. It is the perfect start to your every morning and packs quite a nutritious punch. Easy to chew, amazingly high on flavour and delightfully caramelised just right, is how we describe Fit & Flex granola."
28,Flaxseed - Pesticide Free,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Safe Harvest,53.9,55,Other Dry Fruits,4,"Super-nutritious and good for your heart, flaxseed is also a rich source of fibre and Omega-3 fatty acids. We procure our flax seeds from the Gond tribes of eastern Madhya Pradesh who are traditionally practitioners of sustainable farming over many generations. Sprinkle into your morning breakfast cereal or porridge or make a blitz together with chillies, ginger, coconut and lemon juice for an interesting nutritious twist to idli chutney breakfast. All Safe Harvest products are cultivated completely devoid of synthetic chemical pesticides."
29,Paratha Puff,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,Switz,90,110,Frozen Veg Snacks,4.3,"Switz Puff Parathas are made with the highest quality ingredients through a specialized layering process that makes them fluffy and flaky. Made of wheat, these scrumptious parathas melt in the mouth, and will instantly become your new favourite. The buttery, soft parathas can easily be folded or cut into pieces, and tastes delicious with curries or just with tea. If you like laccha paratha or Malabar paratha, you will love the Switz Puff Paratha."
30,Lip Butter - Rose,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Organic Harvest,169.15,199,Lip Care,1.5,Reload the dry and chapped lips with Organic Lip Butter Rose. The ideal mixture of organic butter and waxes instantly brightens your lips with red colour. Whenever you apply the colour it adds on to your charm with a rich creamy texture.
31,Fruit Power - Masala Sugarcane,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Real,19,20,Juices,2.9,"Sugarcane and Spicy Masala, a love story that has been part of every Indian home across generations. Real Masala Sugarcane is one of the 1st in India offering the benefits of your age-old sugarcane juice with a sprinkling of traditional Indian masala in the hygienic Tetra pack format. So relish every drop of our new Masala Sugarcane beverage that promises to refresh you with every gulp. Savour the natural sugarcane goodness brought to your home by Real."
32,Chocobakes Choc Filled Cookies,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Cadbury,102,120,"Bakery Biscuits, Cookies",4.2,"Experience new exciting chocolatey centre filled cookie from Cadbury. Perfect as an indulgent ""me time"" treat or to relish happy moments with your loved ones and friends. Indulge in the taste of this amazing combination of delicious cookies that enrobe a smooth Chocolatey centre."
33,Amber - Deodorant Body Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Old Spice,211.65,249,Men's Deodorants,3.4,"Smellcome to Magic with Old Spice’s New Launch Deodorant range. 0% Gas and for long-lasting 24-hour freshness. A fruity fragrance with notes of blackberry, black raspberry, and plum, rounded out with sweet vanilla and amber notes at the base. Armed with Amber, flanked by the Old Spice eagles, you have the beacon to freely spread joy amongst your smellectorate."
34,Green Tea - Tulsi Loose Leaf,Beverages,Tea,Octavius,225,225,Green Tea,3.7,"Octavius Tulsi Green Tea, is a unique combination where both the herbs help in refreshing and energizing the body and mind. It promotes metabolism which is vital for weight management. Green tea and Tulsi offer a vast array of remarkable health benefits including an abundance of antioxidants."
35,Pet Solitaire Container Set - Silver,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Steelo,499,969,Containers Sets,3.9,"The Steelo plastic PET Container Set, is made of 100% food-grade PET plastic that helps you store, pulses, spices and more in a safe way. These containers are Bisphenol A (BPA) free, thus keeping you safe from health hazards. Therefore, these containers help you make a healthier lifestyle choice. The PET material makes the containers odour-free, so you donot have to worry about the spices and cereals smelling different. The airtight seal completely locks the container and conserves the nutritional value of the stored items."                                             
36,Dhania - Dal,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,bb Royal,98,120,Whole Spices,4.1,"Finest quality split coriander seeds roasted and mildly salted crunchy and crisp. A traditional mouth freshener and an excellent post-meal digestive. Coriander Seeds are rich in Vit-C (the only seed to do so), Vit-B family and thiamin, riboflavin, and niacin. Coriander seeds are anti-bacterial, anti-microbial and anti-inflammatory in nature, and hence, consuming dhana dal after meals can have many medicinal benefits."
37,Pudina Chutney Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Catch,46.75,55,Blended Masalas,3.9,"Catch Pudina Chutney is a spicy dip made from mint leaves. This Pudina chutney masala is perfect for making the traditional Indian condiment. It is an extremely flavour condiment and is served in small quantities. It is one of the most popular Indian chutneys around, as it can be served with almost any food. Catch Pudina Chutney Masala is made using Low-Temperature Grinding technology."
38,Bodylicious Deodorant Spray - Mate (For Men),Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Engage,136.5,195,Men's Deodorants,4.1,"Engage Man Mate Deo Spray For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
39,"Sport Deo Spray - Fresh, for Men",Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Engage,112.75,205,Men's Deodorants,3.7,"A refreshing fresh fragrance with sparkling citrus top notes, sophisticated floral heart notes and a comples woody-musky base, which is perfect for a hot summer day or an enchanting date night. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visita https://bigbasket.blog/"
40,Choco Deck - Mini Delights,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Fabelle,160,200,Chocolates,4.4,"Fabelle brings you Fabelle Choco Deck – Mini Delights, a pack of mini Milk Chocolate bars that will impress everyone, regardless of age. Perfect for gifting, it will make moments of celebration and bonding with friends and family even more special. Each bar is made of a layer of rich choco creme cradled between two layers of Milk Chocolate. Experience an explosion of chocolate in your mouth as you first taste the sweetness from milk chocolate followed by the richness from the choco crème. Handcrafted by the Master Chocolatiers from the House of ITC, Fabelle gives you a dessert like an experience in a chocolate bar. Finding the perfect gift can be tricky so when in doubt, gift chocolate!"
41,Eau De Toilette - Homme Green,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Colour Me,427.5,450,Eau De Toilette,4.3,"Colour Me is the of one of Milton Lloyds wonders. Now get a long-lasting, luxury fragrance in form of different variants of Colour Me. Take advantage of the finest quality and longest lasting oils, put in the highest concentration to ensure you a repeated delight."
42,Lemon & Tea Tree Oil Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Liril,360,360,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.2,"The new Liril soap, with its active ingredients like tea tree oil and lemon extract, gives you a freshness that lasts longer. The soap gives you a fragrance which not only lasts the whole day long as well as keeps your skin healthy. This soap ensures that your skin gets the best care and stays fresh. At the very same time, this soap also ensures that not only your skin retains its natural moisture but also maintains its oil balance. The lemon and tea tree oil ingredients in this soap give you a thick lather which lends a sense of freshness after every shower and makes bathing an enjoyable experience. The fragrance with cues of Lemon provides an invigorating shower experience. This soap has been consistent in bringing alive freshness."
43,Flavoured Cream Wafer Roll - Strawberry,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Twister,275,275,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",4.3,Very crispiest texture and pleasant odour of flavour.
44,Storage/Lunch Steel Container with PP Lid - Red,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Classic Essentials,109,299,Steel Lunch Boxes,2.6,Add a dash of colour to your kitchen with these colourful and functional microwave safe stainless steel plastic coated containers with lid from Classic Essential. The containers have a steel interior and a plastic-coated exterior and can be used easily for reheating food or simply serving and storing your snacks/cereals.The exterior plastic gets heated first which in turn heats up the inner steel in which your food is absolutely safe of any toxins. Hence it might take longer than usual to heat up in the microwave. So go ahead and buy yourself a set.
45,Plain Green Olives,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Figaro,179,179,"Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin",5,"Olives are small fruits that grow on olive trees (Olea European). they belong to a group of fruit called drupes, or stone fruits, and are related to mangoes, cherries, peaches, almonds, and pistachios. Olives are very high in Vitamin E and other powerful antioxidants."
46,Quinoa - Organic,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,250,250,"Organic Rice, Other Rice",3.9,"Quinoa is one of the world’s most popular health foods. Organic Tattva's Organic Quinoa is one superfood which is gluten-free, high in protein and is full of anti-oxidants. It is one nutritious plant food which contains all nine essential amino acids. Enriched with anti-inflammatory phytonutrients, it is helpful in the prevention and treatment of various health conditions. It contains small amounts of the heart-healthy omega-3 fatty acids and it boosts the immune system. Quinoa has a sweet and nutty flavour with a distinct texture. Organic Quinoa ensures purity and unadulterated goodness of this superfood. its high nutrition content makes it useful for people who are particular about their health. Organic Tattva's Quinoa is produced and processed in compliance with NPOP standars in India, USDA -NOP, and EU Regulation EC no. 834/2007 & 889/2008."
47,After Shave Splash - Arctic Ice,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Gillette,459.62,469,Shaving Care,3.9,"Designed specifically for male skin. Finish a great shave with a crisp, Clean aftershave that refreshes just-shaved skin. Refreshes with a clean, Crisp, Masculine fragrance."
48,Colour Catcher Sheets,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Dylon,799,799,Imported Cleaners,4,"1. Prevents Colour Run Accidents Colours that run in the water during the wash might bleed into your laundry. Thanks to its patented technology the sheet acts like a magnet and traps loose dye from the water - assuring maximum protection against discolouration and colour runs. The proof is on the sheet! 2. Allows Mixed Washes As the sheet protects against colour transfer it allows you to wash all colours together, even with whites. Colour Catcher protects your laundry and saves your time and money by allowing mixed washes. 3. Protects Colour Brightness Even if not seen by the eye, traces of dye might deposit every wash and build up a layer of mixed colours on the garment over time - making your coloured garments dull. The sheets trap dyes from the water before they deposit on the garments. It helps to keep your colours brighter for longer!"
49,Sauce - Sweet & Sour,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Pantai,245,245,Thai & Asian Sauces,3.7,"Sweet & sour sauce is great for pineapple, fried rice, stir fried noodles, tofu dipping, etc."
50,Super Hot and Sweet Mango Chutney,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Spice Story,100,125,Chutney Powder,3,"From the Bylanes & Streets of Eastern UP, comes the inspiration of this Chutney. Originally the Khatta Meetha Aam ka Achar, this sauce will transport you back to your childhood."
51,Pani Puri Mix Paste,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Mother's Recipe,48.95,55,Cooking Pastes,4.1,"Make your home-made Panipuri more delightful, with the help of our Tangy Panipuri Mix Paste. Mix 4 tablespoon (50g) of Mother's Recipe Panipuri Mix Paste in 450 ml of chilled water. Dunk the puris filled with mashed boiled potatoes and Sprouts or Boondi in the prepared water and enjoy. Tastes best with our Tamarind Date Chutney."
52,Peach Syrup,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Pekers,850,850,Gourmet Juices & Drinks,4.2,Pekers peach syrup takes you on a historical trip to north-west china together with the sweet aroma of fuzzy peach fruit and It’s yellow-red colour.
53,Acne & Oil Control Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Red Hunt,80,100,Face & Body,4,"Natural mineral kaolin deep cleans removes dirt, pollution and bacteria. Added sliver resists the impact and spread of acne causing bacteria"
54,Choco Deck - French Dessert Inspired Layered Bar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Fabelle,56,70,Chocolates,4,"Fabelle Choco Deck is a unique multi-layered chocolate experience with three irresistible layers of chocolate. Now introducing Fabelle Choco French Dessert Inspired Layered Bar where the bar is inspired from the French Dessert - Mille Feuille. The middle layer is made of soft choco creme, nuts and crisps cradled between two layers of Milk Chocolate thereby re-creating the iconic French dessert.Fabelle has reimagined the way chocolates are meant to look, feel and taste. Indulge your senses with Fabelle's range of premium chocolate bars available in a unique format."
55,Extra Fine Green Peas,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Daucy,202.5,225,Beans & Pulses,4.5,"We bring for you Europe’s leading brand of canned vegetables from the Cooperative d’aucy Group, France, consisting of more than 25000 farmer members and 60 production sites. The history of Daucy began in Brittany in 1965. In 1979, d'aucy became part of a cooperative enterprise. Today, and for almost 50 years now, d'aucy has been trying to offer you the best of its vegetables, whether canned, frozen or in our prepared dishes. The vegetables are processed and packed within a few hours of picking, thus ensuring that the micronutrients are saved from deterioration. Each vegetable awakens in its own season, at its own pace so that you can enjoy all year round all their flavors and all their benefits, daucy's mission is to harvest them in the right season when they are ripe and then find the best way to keep them. Daucy guarantees top quality and traceability of its products."
56,Soothing Cucumber Facial Scrub With Apricot Seeds,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,TJORI,299.4,499,Face Care,4.5,"The soothing feel of cucumber meets the gentle exfoliation of apricot in our wonderful scrub. While the apricot cleanses the top layer of dead cells and reveals fresh, glowing skin from below, vitamin-rich cucumber cools it down gently. This non-abrasive scrub also reduces excess sebum production, which makes it perfect for those with oily skin."
57,Foochka,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Shareat,60,60,"Papads, Ready To Fry",3.9,Unfried multigrain and hygienic Pani Puri Papad. We use high-quality grains for making the Puris made with an automatic machine from Italy. In 5 minutes you can make hygienic Pani puri at your home by using your choice of oil for frying.
58,Argan-Liquid Gold Hair Spa,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Aroma Treasures,199.5,210,Hair & Scalp Treatment,4.4,"Our beautifully crafted Hair Spa Collection promises to be the perfect solution for nourishing and rejuvenating your tresses. Made with Argan Oil it revives moisture in the dull dry hair, reduces frizz, smooths unmanageable locks of curly hair, deeply nurtures hair shafts & follicles to prevent hair fall, repair split ends and strengthens the roots!Revitalising Hair Oil - The luxurious fusion of Moroccan Argan Oil, Sesame Oil, Olive Oil, Lavender and Geranium provides intense nutrition to revitalize dry and damaged hair.Follikare Wash - Precious blend of Moroccan Argan Oil, Hibiscus, and Ylang Ylang nudges away sebum to strengthen the hair follicles and improve hair growth.Follikare Deep Conditioning Mask - Perfect balance of Moroccan Argan Oil, Patchouli and Shea Butter restores hairs natural luster and provide deep nourishment to brittle, weak and frizzy locks."
59,"Baby Bed Protector - Sublimation Print, Pink",Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Quick Dry,199,199,Baby Health,3.7,"These bed protectors for babies bed from Quick Dry are quick absorbent that makes it dry faster. It protects the baby against the dust mites, bacteria and allergens. This leakproof protector is soft, cosy and smooth. It can be easily washed in the washing machine. It comes in a variety of colours with attractive print designs and sizes."
60,Corporate Planner Diary With Premium PU Leather Cover With Card Holder,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Prozo Plus,399,399,"Notebooks, Files, Folders",4.5,"A5 Size (210x150mm) 192 Pages Premium Natural Shade 80 GSM paper Flat Lay open easily Hardbound Diary with Premium PU Leather Top With Card Holder Perfect Binding with sewing Rounded Corners Proudly Made in India"
61,"Atta Chalan - Stainless Steel, Size- No.8","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Kvg,149,179,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,3.5,"This atta maida challan is made from high quality stainless steel. This is used for sieving wheat, rice, atta, maida and many more items."
62,Dog Supplement - Absolute Skin + Coat Tablet,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Drools,348.6,498,Pet Meals & Treats,4,"Give your pet the Glory of Healthy Skin and Coat with Drools Absolute Skin + Coat Tablet. The tablet helps make your pets coat healthier and shinier. It has the recommended formation which provides the coat with a healthy and natural sheen, while also helping keep the skin free from any allergy or disease."
63,"Peanut Butter - Creamy, Super",Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Happilo,209.4,349,"Chocolate, Peanut Spread",4.3,"Happilo Super Crunchy Peanut Butter is made from high-quality peanuts and is very healthy & tasty. This delicious butter is an excellent source of protein and fibre. It is ideal for gym-goers, dieters, and joggers."
64,Sugar Free Petit Beurre - The Taste of France,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Bisk Farm,35,35,"Marie, Health, Digestive",4,"Bisk Farm Sugar Free Petit Beurre is one of the best sugar free petit beurre for diabetic patients and for other health issues. They have a good flavor and these biscuits are made of salty, spice and sweet. It is hygienically baked and well packed in wrappers that makes them long lasting and remain fresh giving crispy taste. It is crispy and gives a superior taste."
65,Aqua Halo Rejuvenating Conditioner,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Azafran,168.75,225,Shampoo & Conditioner,1,"This Aqua Halo Rejuvenating Conditioner is an organic conditioner, which is specially formulated with moisturizing actives to add vibrancy and vitality to your hair. This natural hair conditioner provides long- lasting conditioning and colour protection. It controls unruly, dry and brittle hair and it is formulated for all hair types."
66,Ayurvedic Anti-Tan Face Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,TJORI,269.4,449,Face Care,4.5,"A nourishing face pack that removes tan and brightens your face. Powered with fenugreek, milk powder and rose petals, this face pack delivers a boost of moisture to your skin, nourishing it while leaving it fresh and glowing."
67,Dog Supplement - Absolute Calcium Tablet,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Drools,339.15,399,Pet Meals & Treats,3.9,"Give your pet the Glory of Healthy Skin and Coat with Drools Absolute Skin + Coat Tablet. The tablet helps make your pets coat healthier and shinier. It has the recommended formation which provides the coat with a healthy and natural sheen, while also helping keep the skin free from any allergy or disease."
68,Battery Power Kids Toothbrush - Barbie,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,374.25,499,Electric Toothbrush,4,"Kids must brush their teeth at least 2 times a day and Colgate Kids Battery Operated Toothbrush is a fun way to encourage good oral care habits early on! The extra soft bristles, specially designed for kids, ensure gentle yet effective cleaning. This attractive Barbie toothbrush comes with a small oscillating head, which easily fits their small teeth and 2 replaceable AAA Alkaline batteries, which goes a long way. Easy on/off buttons ensures comfort brushing while the slim handle is easy to hold. The Colgate toothbrush also features fun character handles that make brushing more fun. Cleaning teeth couldn’t have been more fun! This powered toothbrush is not intended for children below 3 years of age. Read pack for complete instructions."
69,Organic Carom Seeds/Ajwain/Om Kalu,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Earthon,72,72,Whole Spices,4.5,"Earthon's Ajwain is Best quality, organically grown, no preservative, no artificial colour and free from harmful chemicals or pesticides. Ajwain also know as Bishop’s weed or Carom seeds are small brown colour seeds with a pleasant but strong odour."
70,"Padded Harness - 3/4 inch, Grey Colour","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Glenand,840,840,Pet Collars & Leashes,4.5,These are soft padded harness for your active pets with light weight metal fitings making them completely safe for your pets.
71,"Kids Motu Patlu Toothpaste - 2-5 Years, Bubble Fruit Flavour",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,43,43,Toothpaste,4,"Kids must brush their teeth at least 2 times a day and Colgate Kids Motu Patlu Toothpaste is a fun way to ensure they enjoy good oral care habits early on! This delicious fruit flavoured toothpaste is specially designed for children of age 6 years and above who have newly erupted or developing permanent teeth. The toothpaste effectively cleanses their mouth, leaving it fresh. The kid’s toothpaste also provides clinically proven cavity and enamel protection. Sparking colourful gel of Colgate strawberry toothpaste makes brushing fun for kids. Developed with the help and expertise of Pediatric dentists, Colgate offers a healthy and thoroughly clean. It ensures your kid’s smile gets brighter and cleaner with every use."
72,Pure & Gentle Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Pears,120,150,Face Care,4.3,"Pears is the gentle way to keep your skin looking innocent and beautiful. It is enriched with pure glycerin and natural oils that gently moisturize skin to keep it smooth while its mild fragrance and soft lather ensure that your skin gets the pampering it deserves. Its natural glycerin provides moisture to your skin, making your face feel silky smooth while it stays clear and radiant! . Enriched with pure glycerine and natural oils that gently moisturize skin to keep it smooth. Mild fragrance and soft lather ensure that skin gets a well deserved pampering. Soap free washing preparation Pears Brand: With the goodness of glycerin & natural oils, Pears is trusted for being gentle, and is recommended by doctors and pediatricians worldwide. It keeps your skin soft and smiling with innocence."
73,Sesame Seed Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR,210,300,Aromatherapy,3.5,"Sesame seeds were one of the first crops processed for oil as well as one of the earliest condiments and were acquired from the seeds of Sesamum Indicum plant. Sesame contains Vitamin E that acts as an excellent antioxidant and thus is useful as a natural sunscreen lotion. Sesame oil acts as both moisturiser and emollient for the body. To prevent dry skin problems, some drops of sesame oil added to the bath water works wonders. Another benefit is that it slows down ageing because of its antioxidant properties. It also detoxifies the skin, helps to repair damaged skin cells and reduces antibacterial infections."
74,Til Dil Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Mantra,70,70,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.6,"Mantra Til Dil is made from premium quality natural ingredients that have a great taste. It contains no preservatives, no added colours or flavours. Mantra Til Dil is a great way to indulge yourself naturally. The premium ingredients add a luxurious taste to it. Perfect healthy snacks to tame your small hunger pangs."
75,"Penta Plastic Pet Water Bottle - Green, Wide Mouth","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,75,126,Water & Fridge Bottles,4.5,"These BB Home pet water bottles are made of high-quality plastic which is 100% food grade and BPA free. Due to the use of virgin PET material, these bottles are having elegant shine and colour. These are the best ones to store water in the fridge or you can drink water directly from them. BB Home products are always high quality and at a very competitive price compared to other branded products in the market. So when you get the best or better than the brands available in the market at a lower cost, definitely you save money and get the best quality product for your use. Special Note: Colour of the bottle physically might slightly differ from the image displayed on the website due to digital photography."
76,Acne Pimple Kit For Acne & Pimple Removal,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Natures Essence,500,500,Face Care,3,"It is specially enriched with cloves, neem, and turmeric which dries acne and pimples naturally. It also helps in lightening the scars. It comes with Acne Magic Soap, Fresh Rose Toner, Orange Scrub Pack, Acne Pimples Cream and Acne Magic Pack."
77,"Disposable Bamboo Wood Skewer/Picker Sticks- For Barbeque, 12 Inch","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Bamboooz,135,299,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,4.3,"These skewers are made from bamboo and are treated and boiled. Bamboooz Bamboo Wood Twister Skewer/Picker Barbeque Disposable Stick is made with high-quality bamboo. No chemicals are used to smoothen the sticks, nor bleach to make it look white. Whatever colour comes naturally, the same is brought to you. These are made in India."
78,& Moms Bathing Soap - Jasmine,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Dettol,108,120,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.6,"Your trusted Dettol offers a new range of Dettol Co-Created with Moms beauty bathing soaps. It is made by ingredients approved by moms and with minimal chemicals. This new range is free from parabens, harsh chemical residues, artificial dyes, and talc	 it has fragrance infused with 100% natural jasmine essence. It gives 10 times better protection than any ordinary soap and is gentle on skin. Reassuringly, Dettol protects from a wide range of illness-causing germs and bacteria to help you stay healthy."
79,Amla Chatpata Dry Fruit,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Fresho Signature,49,65,Dry Fruits & Berries,4.5,"Fresho Signature presents an array of dry fruits apart from the ordinary to give you the best of the best to indulge. Want to try something other than a regular fruit? This sweetened and spiced amla dry fruit is a healthy alternative to munch on when hunger strikes. It contains amla fruit, sulphurless sugar, cumin seed, black pepper, black salt, citric acid, cinnamon, asafoetida and ginger powder. Easy to carry, it makes a great snack to keep you going throughout the day. Our spicy candied dry fruit is here to be your snack buddy and your healthy sugar high. They are sweetened with sulphurless sugar and liquid glucose and spiced to enhance the zing. There are 0 added preservatives, artificial colour and flavour to retain the original fruit essence and keep it natural and healthy."
80,"Toothbrush Superhero Assorted, Batman/Spiderman",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,49,79,Toothbrush,3.9,"Kids must brush their teeth at least 2 times a day and Colgate Kids Spider-man Toothbrush is a fun way to encourage good oral care habits early on! This attractive extra-soft bristle toothbrush has extra soft bristles specially designed for children. It is ideal for kids of age 5 years and above who have baby teeth or developing permanent teeth. Extra soft, multi-height bristles on the toothbrush effectively clean big and small teeth, while the raised tip helps clean hard to reach back teeth.Â The kidâ€™s toothbrush features a well-rounded handle	 a thumb grip offering comfortable hold	 a suction cup at the base for easy and fun upright storage and a soft plus safe tongue cleaner on the back of the toothbrush head. Cleaning teeth could never have been more fun! Developed with the help and expertise of Pediatric dentists, Colgate offers a healthy and thoroughly clean."
81,Chips - Topica,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Sanjay ,65,65,Chips & Corn Snacks,3.9,Made with Topica
82,Cup a Soup - Croutons Cream of Asparagus,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Batchelors,269.1,299,Imported Soups,4.5,"Batchelor's Cup a Soup with Croutons Cream of Asparagus: Serving Suggestion: 1. Empty a Sachet into a cup or mug, 2. Add 230ml of boiling water, 3. Stir well, wait a few moments, 4. Sit back and enjoy. Ingredients: As Served (greatest first) Water, Asparagus (5%), Maize Starch, Glucose Syrup, Vegetable Oil, Croutons (1.3), (Wheat Flour, Vegetable Oil, Salt, Yeast, Rosemary Extract), Lactose, Potato Starch, Salt, Onion Powder, Milk Proteins, Flavouring, Flavours Enhancers (Monosodium Glutamate, Disodium 5-ribonucleotides), Emulsifier (Mono-and Diglycerides of Fatty Acids), Acidity Regulator (Dipotassium Phosphate), Yeast Extract (Contain Barley), Turmeric, Natural Flavouring (Contains Celery)."
83,Organic Dal - Masoor,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Pro Nature,96,96,Organic Dals & Pulses,3.9,"Pro Nature Organic Masoor Dal, that comes in a hygienically sealed packet ensuring its freshness and taste. It is a preparation of pulses (dried lentils, beans or peas) which have been stripped of their external hulls and split. It is also high in carbohydrates whilst being virtually fat free. It is also rich in B vitamins thiamine and folic acid as well as numerous minerals, especially zinc and iron."
84,Strawberry Ice Cream,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Haagen- Dazs,225,225,Gourmet Ice Cream,3.5,"Haagen-Dazs strawberry ice cream is sweet, summer strawberries which introduced to delicate cream and other superb ingredients. Packed over with actual fruit, the true taste of the strawberries comes shining through. This is the strawberry lover's concentrate of pure enjoyment. It is soft and delightful tastes. It is very yummy creamy frozen dessert with real fruit pieces. The ice cream supari is most thinly developed flavors to give you a distinctive flavor."
85,Exo Dishwash Bar- Round 700 gm Box + Pril Dishwash Liquid- Active 2X Lime 225 ml,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,bb Combo,95,114,Dishwash Bars & Powders,3.5,"Exo Dish Shine Round makes your vessels odorous and removes the stain. The fast action formula with the hyper-cleaning technology quickly removes the toughest of stains and makes your vessels shine like never before. This dishwashing bar does not leave traces on the vessel and hence it can be easily washed. It works hard on grease and stains, keeping your utensils fresh and shining. It contains many anti-microbial agents that keep your vessels away from dirt and microbes which do not create pealing or itching of your skin.Pril dishwash liquid has powerful active 2x molecules that cut away tough grease residue, removes the food smell and leaves the utensils sparkling clean."
86,Jupiter Water/Juice Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,BB Home,479,629,Glassware,3.5,"B Home glasses are crafted and manufactured in Taiwan to bring the best of the quality, clarity in glass and shine for elegance. These glasses are very superior in quality with high wall thickness and with a heavy bottom to flaunt your style and elegance to your guest at the first impression. These glasses are manufactured with high precision to ensure no wobbling on the rim or bottom of the glass. These are 100% food grade and dishwasher safe. These high-quality glasses can be used for serving juice, water or even alcoholic drinks during your parties.BB Home products are always high quality and at a very competitive price compared to other branded products in the market. So when you get the best or better than the brands available in the market at a lower cost, definitely you save money and get the best quality product for your use."
87,"Cheese - Feta Greek, Block",Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Fresho Signature,695.7,773,International Cheese,3.5,Fresho Signature brings to you one of the most loved and simplest of cheeses- the luscious Greek Feta made from sheep's milk using traditional recipes. Its briny and salty taste makes it a perfect table cheese to nibble with some bread or crackers. This cheese is perfect for a fresh veggie salad because its grainy texture balances out the crunch from the veggies making it ideal for stuffing into grilled vegetables or even works well with desserts. We prepare the cheese into dices as per your individual requirements for each order. Store in an airtight container in below 5°C and consume within 5 days of packing.
88,Avida 3-in-1 Semi Economy Pouch - FG01248,Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,Shalimar,31.5,35,"Agarbatti, Incense Sticks",4.6,"3 in 1, Incense sticks, also known as agarbathi (or agarbatti) and joss sticks, in which an incense paste is rolled or moulded around a bamboo stick, are the main forms of incense in India. In India, burning incense is about spreading positivity in all around areas. Burning incense sticks is also a symbol of worshipping God and a symbol of peace and freshness.With powerful healing properties, these incense sticks can influence your life by increasing spirituality. The bamboo method originated in India and is distinct from the Nepali/Tibetan and Japanese methods of stick making without bamboo cores."
89,Bathing Soap - Sandal & Turmeric,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Godrej No.1,254.15,299,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.2,"Favoured by over 380 million consumers, Godrej No.1 offers you 'nature's way to beauty' with carefully chosen natural ingredients to make your skin naturally beautiful. It is Grade 1 quality soap and the highest-selling soap of its kind in the country. Godrej No.1 Sandal and Turmeric soap come with the sweet, balsamic, woody scent of the sandal. It preserves the young nature of your skin giving you a perfect complexion. It protects your skin and gives you a youthful and young look."
90,Sweet Corn Kernels - Chipotle,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Supa Corn,55,55,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,"Ready To Eat Sweet Corn kernels, packaged using OXYFRESH Technology along with Chipotle masala sachet."
91,Ashwagandha Tablets,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Muniyal Ayurveda,120,120,Ayurveda,3.5,"Muniyal Ayurveda Ashwagandha Tablet contains the Ayurveda herb, Ashwagandha, which has worked wonders with patients of cardiac and neural disorders for centuries. The tablet strengthens the nervous system and enables its users to handle stress better by elevating their stress threshold considerably. It is effective against hypertension and is also beneficial in renal complaints because of the diuretic properties of its ingredients. Its anti-inflammatory properties reduce the risk of fever, swelling and tenderness."
92,Hard Anodised Ezee-Pour Saucepan With Lid - L88,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Hawkins Futura,864.5,910,Tawa & Sauce Pan,4.6,Futura Hard Anodised Saucepan comes with a spout for pouring and is especially suitable for making tea or other beverages and boiling milk. The larger capacity saucepans have flared rims. All saucepans either come with a lid or are offered with an optional lid. It has one long handle.
93,Topp Up Milk - Elaichi,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Gowardhan,80.01,90,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",5,"Gowardhan Topp-Up Milk is made by 100 % of cow's milk and has 10% more protein. This elaichi milk will taste like a rich and luxurious treat. Liked by all ages, this healthy drink is perfect for your hunger pangs and its delicious taste will surely going to please your taste buds."
94,Namkeen - Madras Mixture,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Townbus,10,10,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.1,Townbus Savoury Snacks are made by combining the freshest of ingredients with a traditional recipie. These authentic snacks will take you down memory lane and remind you of the traditional snacks your grandma used to make with love. Townbus namkeens are perfect to relish with your evening tea or coffee. They can also be used in chaat for added flavour or to customise it as per your liking. Townbus every bite has a story.
95,"Stainless Steel Storage Lunch Container - Flat, Carry Snack Pack","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Ramson,129,249,Steel Storage Containers,1.5,"These smart and stylish air-tight, spill-proof and moisture-free storage containers help keep your food fresh and tasty for longer. They have locks on 4 sides to prevent spills and moisture. The translucent lids let you easily see what's inside. These stainless steel containers are a big help when packing food for school and office. Durable and reusable, these containers can even be taken along for lunches and picnics. This size makes it ideal to store chapatis or any other Indian snacks."
96,Oceans Deodorant for Men - Long Lasting & Fresh Aquatic Fragrance,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Brut,179.4,299,Men's Deodorants,4,"Looking for an energetic fragrance that works for all occasions? Say hello to Brut Ocean Deodorant Spray. A fresh, aquatic version of the classic men’s fragrance, Brut Ocean leaves you feeling super fresh and energized through the day. It embodies an energetic experience – exactly what you need to either kickstart your day or post a great workout session. Enjoy this masculine, aquatic fragrance that lasts all day, all night. An iconic brand in the world of fragrances, Brut exemplifies absolute class, electrifying charisma and ultimate sophistication. So, what are you waiting for?"
97,Hair Remover Spray - Foam Lemon,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Dimples,1200,1200,Hair Removal,3.5,"Denim Black‚ is made for the bold and the confident. The unmistakably intense and woody accord of Patchouli, Sandalwood & Cedar represent masculinity, while Amber, Labdanum & Oakmoss balances the composition with warm sensual tones. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
98,Mr. Magic Powder-To-Liquid Germ Protection Handwash Empty Bottle + Refill,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Godrej Protekt,32.55,35,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4.4,"Godrej Protekt Mr Magic handwash is a unique powder to liquid format, a first, in the world of handwashes! With Neem which is tough on germs and soothing Aloe Vera makes it gentle on skin. Extremely affordable compared to other handwashes in the market.Mr Magic handwash is not just green in colour, it's also green in nature. If all Indian households that use liquid handwash refills switch to Godrej Protekt Mr Magic refills, it would result in a greener, better world.So, add, pour, shake and wash to stay protected!"
99,Frankincense Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Organic Harvest,258.75,345,Aromatherapy,3.7,"This Frankincense Oil balance, heals, tones and rejuvenates ageing skin. Its woody, warm, and balsamic aroma help calm the mind during meditation and creates a peaceful environment."
100,"Wonder Diaper Pants - Xtra Large, 12-17 Kg",Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Huggies,1266.38,1398,Diapers,4,"Huggies knows that nothing is more important than the comfort and well-being of your little baby. Choosing the best diaper for your baby is an important step in ensuring the comfort of your little one during the day as well as overnight. That is why we have lovingly designed Huggies Wonder Pants for the all-round comfort of your little one. These diaper pants keep your baby comfortable in the day and help them sleep peacefully at night without any wetness irritating their skin. Their cottony- soft material is gentle on their bum keeping their precious skin perfect. And their revolutionary Dry Touch Sheet pulls the wetness away from the skin of your baby keeping it dry and hygienic for up to 12 hours. If you are looking for safe and gentle care for your little one, stock up your diaper bags and changing tables with Huggies Wonder Pants."
101,Samrakshana Vaastu Deepa Thailam,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Samvruddhi,515,515,Other Edible Oils,3.5,"Exclusive blend of quality oils and powerful divine herbs, Puja Oil is the blend of five puja oils - Coconut, Rice Bran, Sesame (Til), Castor and Mahua - sourced in their purest form and blended for cherished memories to last longer The oil constitution varies regionally."
102,Quinoa - Organic Black,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Nourish You,495,495,Quinoa & Grains,3.5,• Saponin Free • Gluten Free • Grown in India • Powerhouse of Fibre & Protein • Only plant food that provides high contents of all essential ammino acids in to protein • 2 X more amino acids than Rice & Wheat • 6X Leucine than wheat
103,Fructis Serum - Long & Strong,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Garnier,230,230,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.8,"Garnier Fruits Long & Strong Strengthening Serum detangles unruly hair, softens hair without heaviness and helps stop split and breakage ends. It is enriched with the goodness of Grape seed and avocado oil that result in smoother, shinier and longer hair. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
104,Citrus Blast Orange Lemon Soap Free Body Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Fuschia,225,250,Shower Gel & Body Wash,3.7,Fuschia Citrus Blast Body Wash is a fusion of Orange and Lemon extracts in a soap free formula. It is rich in Vitamin C. This body wash gives you firm and flawless skin.
105,Veda Marie Light Biscuits,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,30,30,"Marie, Health, Digestive",4.4,"Crispy Marie biscuits with the goodness of wheat fibre and 5 natural ingredients -Tusli, Ginger, Cardamom, Ashwagandha and Mulethi, making it the perfect partner for your cup of tea!"
106,"2 Fold Umbrella - Auto-Open & Manual Close, Dark Violet","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Fendo,289,749,Umbrella,3.6,"This Fendo Umbrella brings - Classic Women Umbrella, one of the most preferred umbrellas online. Made of Superior Polyester Fabric with UV Protection. It will withstand harsh weather conditions. Umbrella Care: Please allow the umbrella to dry before closing"
107,Aamras Mango Fruit Juice,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Paper Boat,243,360,Juices,3.5,"The one treasure that easily transforms Indian summer into a festivity that it is, is Aamras. An honest treat for an honest day’s work. A silkesque ale cascading down your throat - Soothing, serenading and more importantly, lingering. Sometimes enveloped in rotis, sometimes guzzled with milk but the best way to go about Aamras is to have it directly as is. The way the ancients intended. Without preservatives or artificial flavour. Without frills or hassles. Ah! One just cannot help but submit to the tasty tyranny of the one true king of the fruit realm. All hail the mango! Long live the king!"
108,Henna & Ginseng Anti Hair Loss Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Jovees,137.75,145,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.6,"Jovees Herbal Anti- hair loss Shampoo is an excellent natural recipe containing naturally derived ingredients that have proven therapeutic properties, which aid in controlling hair loss, provide nutrition and strengthen the hair shaft. It shall also help in improving the texture of the hair."
109,"Sandwich Toaster - Non-Stick, Gas","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Omega,249,315,Kadai & Fry Pans,3.3,Omega toasters are budget friendly gas toasters that make beautifully crisp sandwiches and toasts to be enjoyed any time. It has a non stick coating inside and a hand crafted handle with maximum grip torque. They can be easily locked to keep the contents secured inside and are very easy and convenient to use.
110,"Baby Cereal - Ragi Almond & Banana, 6-8 Months, No Preservatives, No Artificial Colours",Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Slurrp Farm,349,349,Baby Food,4,"Smooth easy-to-cook porridge mix made from Sprouted Ragi, Almond powder, Banana Powder and Cardamom Powder. We use Sprouted Ragi which has 3x the calcium of a glass of milk and 10 x the calcium of wheat and rice, great for growing bones. Almonds contain fibre, minerals and essential fatty acids. Fortified with 13 essential vitamins and minerals. Great for healthy weight gain for your little ones. No Added Sugar, No Added Salt, No Milk, No Preservatives & Artificial Flavours, 100% Natural and excellent early food for the little ones. If your little one is ready for new tastes, add some mashed fruits, vegetables or Slurrp Farm Jaggery."
111,Incense Sticks - Sandal,Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,Ambica,60,60,"Agarbatti, Incense Sticks",4.6,Traditional Indian Incense Sticks
112,SPF 15 Sunscreen Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Elovera,209.3,299,Body Care,5,Elovera SPF Lotion is a specially formulated sunscreen that provides protection from the harmful UV radiation of the sun. The key ingredients of the sunscreen are Aloe vera and Vitamin E extract.
113,Fenugreek,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,28.5,30,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.2,"Per 100 gm : Calories - 323 g, Fat - 6 g, Protein - 23 g"
114,Caramel Popcorn - Himalayan Salt,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits Nuts",4700BC,44.1,49,Gourmet Popcorn,3.5,"4700BCs high quality popcorns are coated with signature handcrafted caramel sprinkled with Himalayan salt. It is the perfect snack for every occasion so go ahead and indulge yourself by having this pack filled of yummy Sriracha Lime Cheese popcorns at anytime during the day. This delicious gluten free snack has 0 grams of trans fat per serving and has certified non-GMO corn, no MSG and is cholesterol free."
115,Cold Pressed Bhringraj Cooling Oil For Hair Fall & Damage Control,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Soulflower,182.75,215,Aromatherapy,4,"Cold-pressed Soulflower Bhringraj Oil with coconut & sesame is a cooling non-greasy formulation that controls acute hair fall, revitalizes hair follicles, reverses premature greying and offers stress relief. The blend of Eclipta prostrate/Alba (Bhringraj) Flower Oil, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil and Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil can be easily absorbed by your scalp and hair. It soothes scalp irritation, protects your hair from the heat of hair dryers, curlers, and flat irons, deeply conditions hair and tames frizzy brittle hair."
116,Sapota - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,35,43.75,Organic Fruits,3.5,"Brown skinned sapotas are smooth to grainy textured, musky-scented and deliciously sweet in taste. The flesh generally contains 2-3 large and inedible black seeds. Fresho sapotas are freshly plucked by our farmers who grow it organically and the best quality is delivered to you. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1232/summer-fruit-salad/"
117,Spiced Tea - Blend Of 7 Refreshing Spices,Beverages,Tea,Wagh Bakri,150,150,Leaf & Dust Tea,4.3,"Rejuvenate yourself with this refreshing spice tea made from rich premium fresh leaves and seven authentic Indian spices. The name Wagh Bakri is one of the most trusted name in Indian household. It is especially famous among the tea lovers. A Unique Blend of 7 Refreshing Spices. This tea is flavoured with clove, ginger, black pepper, cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon grass, piper longum."
118,"Steel Bowl/Vati/Katori - No. 4, Chutney","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,BB Home,69,159,Bowls & Vessels,3.5,BB Home Chutney Bowl can be used to serve all sorts of homemade chutneys and sauces with ease to accompany your homemade spicy Indian meal. It is made from high-quality steel and this set of four steel bowls is a must-have for your home and for small servings.
119,"Adult Dry Cat Food - +1 Year, Ocean Fish","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Maxi Persian,999,999,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"A nutrient-rich food that has been formulated to deliver a cat’s need for its diet requirement. Enriched with ocean fish and other essential ingredients which helps your feline to maintain the beautiful skin and coat. Taurine, an essential amino acid keeps the heart healthy and promotes the growth and development of the body. We assure all our ingredients goes through a strict selection process by nutritional laboratories to meet the safety and quality standards of the product. Our extensive research guarantees high palatability, better digestibility."
120,Millet Rusk - Sweet,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Nutribee,100,100,Rusks,4.5,"Made with organic whole wheat, millets and jaggery, our sweet rusk is baked to perfection. You can enjoy a guilt-free snack with your tea or coffee which is filled with fibre and nutrition and is super tasty. All our products are made with no maida, butter, sugar or preservatives."
121,"Stainless Steel Kadai - Induction Bottom With Glass Lid, 26 cm","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Vinod,1099,1335,Kadai & Fry Pans,3.8,"Create those nutritious and flavourful recipes quickly with minimal effort by bringing home this 24 cm Induction Friendly Kadhai from Vinod. It prevents food from getting burnt. It is ergonomically designed using high-quality stainless steel, this kadhai ensures even distribution of heat while preventing food from frothing or getting burnt. Easy to clean and is dishwasher-safe, this kadhai can be easily cleaned and maintained after every use. It is suitable for all cooktops. This kadhai comes with an induction base which makes it perfect to be used on all types of cooktops including gas stoves and induction cooktops."
122,"Power Pocket - Long Lasting Bathroom Fragrance, Berry Rush",Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Aer,53.35,55,Air Freshener,4.2,"Petal Crush Pink Life is not a bed of roses. But it can smell like one right? Here's a fragrance that is as fresh as it is romantic. Godrej Aer Pocket Say hello to Godrej aer pocket, a range of bathroom air freshener available in 5 delightful fragrances. Its unique power gel technology keeps your bathroom fragrant for 3-4 weeks and ensures that its fragrance reaches every corner of your bathroom. A must-have stock item in your pantry & toilet, Godrej aer pocket is so easy to use, that you simply have to unwrap the packet and hang it with the hook provided. That's it, you are done. Godrej aer pocket works 24x7 without any effort, so you can walk in to a refreshing fragrance every-time you step into your bathroom."
123,Cabbage - Red,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,23,28.75,Cabbage & Cauliflower,3.5,"It is round, wrapped in purplish red leaf layers. The flavour is more peppery and bold compared to green ones. Its leaves are coarser as they have less water content. Do not forget to check our delicious recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1561/violet-cabbage-walnut-salad/"
124,Marvel Spiderman 2-In-1 Snackeez Bottle With Snack Box,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Hm International,269,299,Lunch Boxes,3,"Alongside a lovely cartoon character design, the innovative Snackeez snacking solution allows you to have drink water and have your favourite snack all in one hand. The cup stays perfectly sealed to prevent spills and keep snacks fresh."
125,Refined Oil - Rice Bran (Natural Oryzanol & Vitamin E),"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Dhara ,183,185,"Sunflower, Rice Bran Oil",4.1,"Dhara refined rice bran oil is high in Vitamin E and mono-unsaturated fatty acids. Food fried in this oil supposedly absorbs less oil ensuring lower calorie intake. It has reasonably balanced fat composition (MUFA, PUFA and SFA) apart from the presence of Oryzanol. Its ideally for cooking. Store in cool and dry place, away from direct sunlight."
126,Premium Square Plastic Container - Green,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Mastercook,179,280,Containers Sets,3.9,These containers are microwave safe but without its lid and is refrigerator safe and dishwasher safe. Use it only for reheating the food and not for cooking food in this container. All containers are airtight but not leakproof.
127,Instant Popcorn - Butter Delite,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,ACT II,29.7,33,Chips & Corn Snacks,4.2,"Enhance your movie-watching experience, in the comfort of your own home with World’s No. 1 ACT II popcorn. ACT II popcorn is easy to make. In only 3 minutes, enjoy Hot n Fresh n delicious popcorn along with the delightful popcorn aroma. You can choose among different pack sizes such as individual packs, family packs and party packs, as per your need. Relish your favourite ACT II popcorn, now available in various lip-smacking desi flavours such as butter, Sweet Pani Puri, Tandoori Tadka, Southern Spice, Butter pepper as well as international flavours such as Cheese Delite, Peri Peri, Thai Sweet Chilli and Tomato Chili."
128,Cherry Lip Balm 4.5 g + Deep Nourish Elbow & Foot Cream 50 g,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Kaya Clinic,455,525,Lip Care,3.5,"Cherry Lip Balm: The skin on your lips is thinner than your facial skin and requires nourishing care to keep it supple and hydrated Kaya Derma Naturals lip balms are a handbag essential that comes in stick format which is easy to use and carry when you are out and about Heals dry and chapped lips Moisturised and softens lips Soft glossy look 6.Contains SPF protection Deep Nourish Elbow & Foot Cream: This cream is specially formulated to gently heal rough and cracked feet. It is also recommended for foot softening, treating corns, calluses and thick skin around the elbows and knees. Makes feet smooth and soft."
129,Nutrition Plus Health Supplement - Joint Support,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Abbies,1299,1299,Supplements & Proteins,3.5,"This supplement contains Glucosamine and Chondroitin, which may support joints in order to promote healthy cartilage and tissue, while MSM supports healthy collagen for supreme joint support. Joint Support is great to help with painful stiffness, discomfort, and poor range of motion. With a specialised Glucosamine Chondroitin complex per serving, you can move easily and comfortably again. Chondroitin is the most abundant glycosaminoglycan in cartilage and is partly responsible for the resiliency of cartilage. Chondroitin is also important in preventing the action of enzymes that can destroy cartilage."
130,Glass Belleza Bowl - Wine,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo ,299,398,Glassware,3.5,"These Iveo Belleza Glass Bowls are made from high quality coloured glass material. These are extra strong, freezer safe, no sharp edges, no wobbling. The capacity of these bowls are 400 ml each. These are ideal for storing & serving fruits, snacks & other food articles."
131,Dark Fantasy - Choco Fills Biscuits - Cookies,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,23.76,30,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4.3,"Sunfeast Dark Fantasy Chocofill is nothing but smooth and tasty choco creme inside cookies that are baked to perfection. It has a rich chocolaty taste, and because of its soft texture, it simply melts in the mouth after a bite. This innovative cookie has its center filled with luscious chocolate which adds to the crunchiness."
132,Banana - Red,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,39,48.75,"Banana, Sapota & Papaya",3.5,"Standing apart from the common varieties of yellow bananas, Red bananas are short, plump and reddish-purple in colour. Even the flesh is light pink and sweeter compared to other varieties. They are high in nutrients and are freshly procured from the farmers. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1383/banana-ice-cream/"
133,"Chilli - Bajji, Mild",Fruits & Vegetables,Herbs & Seasonings,Fresho,14,17.5,"Lemon, Ginger & Garlic",3.5,"Fresho is our brand of fresh fruits and vegetables which are individually handpicked every day by our experienced and technically competent buyers. Our buying, storing and packaging processes are tailored to ensure that only the fresh, nutrient-dense, healthy and delicious produce reaches your doorstep. We guarantee the quality of all Fresho products. If you're not satisfied with the freshness of the items, you can hand them back to our Customer Experience Executive (CEE) for a full refund. Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actual product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
134,I Love You Fruit N Nut Chocolate,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Amul,90,100,Chocolates,4.2,"This yummilicious chocolate is filled with crunchy almonds and handpicked juicy raisins and studded in the smooth texture of dark chocolate to give you the best chocolate pleasure.With 55% cocoa, Amul Fruit 'N' Nut Chocolate is a classic combination that is celebrated for decades and relished even today. The amalgamation of the dark chocolate and dry fruits will surely give your taste buds a heavenly feeling. Enjoy this sweet delight with your loved ones or enjoy some self- indulgence."
135,Pitted Green Olives,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Del Monte,230,230,"Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin",4.4,"Del Monte olives are sourced from the largest olive producer and exporter in Spain. Olives can be used while preparing Italian & Mediterranean cuisines at home, as well as for healthy snacking. Deep & rich in flavor, Del Monte Pitted Green Olives go exceptionally well in salads & pasta, or simply for healthy snacking. Ready-to-use Spanish olives of the Hojiblanca variety. Use these in pizzas, pasta, bruschetta, garlic bread, or for plain healthy snacking."
136,Glass Mixing Bowl With Lid - Polo,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Yera,159,190,Glassware,3.7,"This range of Yera mixing and serving bowls were designed as a tribute to the modern gleaming kitchen of today. These durable bowls come in different sizes to fulfil every need. The lids lock the aroma in and help to keep the food fresh for a long period of time. With these mixing bowls, you will be able to directly warm food in a microwave oven without having to go through the hassles of transferring it to another bowl or plate. This helps to warm the food in very little time and negates the need for another crockery for the same."
137,Cake Gel,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Purix,85.5,90,"Baking, Cake Decorations",3.5,"Cake gel is a translucent soft jelly included in emulsifiers and humectants, which considerably enhances volume through increased aeration and provides a more uniform crumb structure. Adding Cake Gel helps in smooth mixing of all ingredients. Cake Gel is found in baked goods, ice cream, toppings, waffle, and fillings."
138,Toffees - Excellence Assorted,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Sapphire,250,250,International Chocolates,3.5,"Almond, Anjeer, Cashew, Pistachio, Rose Flavoured Toffees"
139,Organic Idly Podi - Ginger,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,75,75,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.9,"This is a Ginger flavour Idly Podi that can be had with Idli, Dosa or Adai/Cheela. Ginger helps in digestion. It contains gingerol, a substance with medicinal properties, that can treat many forms of nausea. The anti-inflammatory effects of ginger can help with osteoarthritis, treat chronic indigestion and help fight infections. Certified organic products are only used."
140,Glass Water Bottle - Aquaria Organic Purple,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Cello,369,425,Water & Fridge Bottles,4.8,"A cheerful pattern that adorns this brightly hued glass bottle. Bring home the colourful eccentricity of these Italian milk and water bottle for a pleasing sip each time as they are airtight. This serves as an ideal way to store milk, water, juices or just for decorative pieces."
141,Stainless Steel Pav Bhaji/Idli Oval Shaped Plate,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Omega,125,125,Plates & Tumblers,3.6,"We believe every meal should be complemented by dinnerware that makes you smile. Hence, make a fun addition to your kitchen with the plates that blends superior durability, hassle-free maintenance and a sunny look to your dinner table. This high-quality food-grade stainless steel plate comes with 3 apple shape compartments.All compartments can accommodate different types of food like chapatti/curries/salad/ pickle or sweet. It is more useful where one can have a different quantity of small food in 1 plate without using 3 different bowls for it. This season give your kitchen a perfect gift with Compartment Plates. It is very economical in range. It is non-breakable, durable, sturdy, rust free and long lasting."
142,Organic Cow Ghee/Tuppa,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Akshayakalpa,280,280,"Organic Edible Oil, Ghee",4.2,"Akshayakalpa Ghee is delicious and enjoy it with all rice, pasta and vegetable dishes. It is rich in essential fatty acids and vitamins A, D, E and K. It is great for cooking, high heat stability and easy to digest."
143,Dates/Kharjura - Deseeded,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Lion,66,66,Other Dry Fruits,4.1,"Dates provide several necessary nutrients such as fiber, calcium, sulfur, iron, amino acids, manganese, magnesium, copper, phosphorous, potassium, and fats to the body. They can be simply digested in nature. As against other forms, dates are excellent for providing energy to your body. They assist to strengthen your immunity in a natural manner. Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/231/dry-fruits-berries-nuts/"
144,Chutney - Sweet Mango Sliced (without Garlic),Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Priya,90,90,Lime & Mango Pickle,3.9,"Priya Sweet Sliced Mango Chutney is rich in taste to meal. Hence, highly demanded. This Sweet Mango Chutney is highly appreciated for its purity and long shelf life. It is having high nutritional value and appetizing taste. This Sliced Mango Chutney is rich in aroma."
145,Turmeric Powder/Arisina Pudi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Aashirvaad,32,64,Powdered Spices,4.2,"Aashirvaad Turmeric Powder is well- known for its bright yellow color and used as a coloring agent Turmeric is used extensively in Indian dishes. Turmeric has also originated application in canned beverages, dairy products, baked products, yogurt, ice cream, and biscuits."
146,Bread - Fruit,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Breads & Buns,English Oven,20,20,"Milk, White & Sandwich",3.5,Filled with amazing tutti fruity
147,Bombay Street Food Spice Blend,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Cafe Junyali,225,225,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",3.5,"The origins of pau bhaji date back to the 1850s Bombay, it was a fast, nutritious lunch for textile workers, a mash of vegetables sprinkled with spices and a dollop of butter, Bombay can rightfully claim to be the birthplace of this hot, spicy, tasty bhaji served with crunchy onions and slivers of lime, coupled with butter-dripping Portuguese bread called pau. Junyali pau bhaji masala can be used for Bombay’s street foods, like scrambled egg & potato patty."
148,Ragi Flakes,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Murginns,225,225,Flakes,4.5,"Made of only Ragi (Nachni) and Jaggery, we guarantee our Ragi Flakes will become your favourite breakfast. Murginns Ragi Flakes is certified organic. With 10x the amount of Calcium found in rice, Ragi is the superfood you need to supercharge your day."
149,Mustard Oil - Cold Pressed,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Health 1st,250,250,Flavoured & Other Oils,3.7,"Mustard Oil is a good source of monounsaturated fatty acids. One of the most balanced fatty acid compositions of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids among oils. Extracted from Mustard Plant, it is usually used in cooking in an Indian household. Having umpteen health benefits, the oil is also used to massage people suffering from muscle pain, cold among others."
150,Juice/Water Glass - Long Drink Nord,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Lyra,639,975,Glassware,3.3,"The Lyra Nord Long Drink Glass 410 ml - Set of 6 can assist you in serving your guests with class and elegance. Made of glass, this product features a transparent body with an attractive shape to root for. With an ideal dimension and sturdy material, this set of glasses is a durable choice."
151,Glass Amaze Air Tight Jar - Pink,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo ,289,358,Glassware,3.5,"These glass Jars are beautiful looking with its fabulous printed design, made with good quality. These jars are made air tight to keep food articles fresh for longer period, these are also extra strong, freezer safe, food grade, moisture resistant, scratch resistant with no sharp edges & no wobbling. These glass jars are ideal for storing snacks, nuts, spices & other food articles."
152,"Finger Brush For Kids - Blue, Ultra Soft",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Dentoshine ,120,120,Toothbrush,4.3,- Safe & easy to use - Fits comfortably on the finger - Cleans teeth & massages gums - Specially made for gentle care
153,Water/Juice Glass - Jupiter Long Glass,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Lyra,459,705,Glassware,3.5,"Lyra Jupiter Long Drink Glass - Set of Six Whether you enjoy champagne, cognac, wine, or fresh vegetable and fruit juices, a proper glass is required to serve the same. The Lyra Jupiter 350-ml Long Drink Glasses are perfectly suited to serve a variety of drinks, be they aerated, non-aerated, alcoholic or non-alcoholic. What is more, you can also serve cold water to your guests in these beautiful Lyra Jupiter long drink glasses."
154,Energy Bar - Choco Crunch,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",On The Run,50,50,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Need that punch? go for the crunch! With crystallised fresh ginger, its perfect companion of tea or coffee. Ginger and green tea extract is a perfect combination of antioxidants. Chocolate Chips gives a rich taste. Finger Millet is the surprise ingredient. Rich in antioxidants, it comes with green tea extract and is rich in Vitamin C"
155,Breeze - Razor Blades,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Gillette Venus,350,350,Hair Removal,4.3,The Gillette Venus Breeze blade for women is the secret to a time-saving shave. Simply wet the blade for an amazingly smooth shave. Flexible shave gel bars are built-in and contain rich body butter for a light lather. A smooth glide that makes no need for separate shave gel or soap. 3 Spring-mounted blades with telomer coating with shower storage. Indulge your senses as you shave with the Venus Breeze 2- in-1 women's razor.
156,"Confeito Vermicelli Combo, Sprinkles",Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Wow Confetti,247,260,"Baking, Cake Decorations",3.5,"Put the finishing touch on all of your fun and festive baked treats with these rainbow sprinkles! Perfect for a consistent product that's sure to please you. Sprinkle these tiny, thin, rod-shaped colourful confections into your signature cookie batter, top a flavorful ice cream sundae, or use them to garnish frosted cupcakes. Can also be sprinkled on cake pops, cookies, cakesicles and more."
157,Olive Oil - Classic,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,BORGES,429.03,700,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",4.5,"Olive oil is rich with monosaturated fats which makes it the king of healthy oils. It helps reduce inflammation and controls cholestrol and blood sugar. It is universally proven to be the heathiest oil and can be used for a number of things including pasta sauce, salad dressings and much more."
158,"Octa Plastic Pet Water Bottle - Light Blue, Narrow Mouth","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,25,42,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"These BB Home pet water bottles are made of high-quality plastic which is 100% food grade and BPA free. Due to the use of virgin PET material, these bottles are having elegant shine and colour. These are the best ones to store water in the fridge or you can drink water directly from them.BB Home products are always high quality and at a very competitive price compared to other branded products in the market. So when you get the best or better than the brands available in the market at a lower cost, definitely you save money and get the best quality product for your use.Special Note: Colour of the bottle physically might slightly differ from the image displayed on the website due to digital photography."
159,Chia Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Organicana,185,185,Quinoa & Grains,3.4,"1 teaspoon chia contains 2g protein and 5g fibre. 1 tablespoon of chia seeds mixed with 3 tablespoons of warm water left to sit for 10 minutes is the equivalent to 1 egg, a great vegan alternative. Chia can absorb 9 times liquid compare to its weight making your stomach fill full and is therefore considered good for weight loss. Organicana chia is a certified organic product of India and it is grown in Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh which is considered to be the most fertile region of central India."
160,Skin Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aloederm,112.5,150,Face Care,3.1,"Aloe vera based (Cold processed) Moisturising cream with additional benefits of Niacinamide and Vitamin E in 50 gm tube. Niacinamide increases ceramide and other intercellular lipid levels in epidermis thereby reducing inflammation. Aloe Vera has been known for Keratolytic action for removing dead skin, replacing it with new skin cells. Aloe dilates the capillaries, and thus increases the blood flow, which fastens the wound healing process."
161,One Touch Air Purifier Freshener - Floral Bouquet Refill,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Odonil ,77,77,Air Freshener,4.2,"Odonil One Touch is proof you dont need an oil diffuser for your home, as it also guards your family from all sorts of bacteria in the air.Whether you need a room, car, or bathroom freshener, this one- touch spray is versatile air sanitiser that reduces 99% of airborne germs with only one spray."
162,Water/Juice Glass,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Yera,189,220,Glassware,3.7,"Classic Yera tumblers for typical daily use. Stylish and affordable. Microwave Safe for the mild re-heating purpose only, not for Popping corn & Cooking. Unlike Plastic will not leach Chemicals into your Food even over repeated usages."
163,Color Naturals Creme Riche Ultra Hair Color - Raspberry Red,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Garnier,199,199,Hair Color,4.1,"Garnier Color Naturals is creme hair colour which gives 100% Grey Coverage and ultra visible colour with 50% more shine. It has a superior Colour Lock technology which gives you a rich long-lasting colour that lasts up to 8 weeks. Color Naturals comes in a range of 8 gorgeous shades especially suited for Indian skin tones. It is available in an easy to use kit which can be used at your convenience in the comfort of your house! It is enriched with the goodness of 3 oils - Almond, Olive and Avocado which nourishes hair and provides shiny, long-lasting colour. Your hair will love the nourishment and you will love the colour!"
164,Nomarks - Antimarks Soap For Oily Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Bajaj,40,40,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.3,"New Bajaj nomarks soap helps remove excess oil, deep-rooted dirt and provides relief from sunburn, blemishes and acne or pimple problems. It is a natural antiseptic which provides deep pore cleansing. Its key ingredient neem is a miraculous herb which is medicinal in nature and has potent antibacterial and powerful healing properties. Neem effectively prevents and treats itching, rashes, acne and other skin ailments."
165,"Silver Needles Tulsi White Tea Bags - Rich In Antioxidants, Pure Tea Buds",Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Sancha,450,450,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"Immunity Boosting Tea Enjoy the goodness of ‘Antioxidant’ rich white tea blended with an ancient Indian herb- ‘Tulsi’ with sweet & intense citrus notes. Cleanse, Detoxify & Purify your body with this blend Ingredients: White Tea & Holy Basil Leaves (Tulsi) Healthy Benefits: Builds Immunity & Detoxes the insides Caffeine Levels: Low Master Tea Tasters Notes: Sweet Intense, Citrus Notes Time to Enjoy this Brew: Daily Morning Kickstarter"
166,Baby Napkins - Mini Terry,Baby Care,Feeding & Nursing,Mee Mee,179,179,Bibs & Napkins,4.3,All mee mee baby napkins are carefully made from cotton and other best quality fabric. It gives a cool comfortable feeling provides high absorbency for your baby cleansing needs. Machine wash. Soft fabrics for your babys tender skin. 100% cotton towelling. Size 9 x 9 suitable from birth.
167,"Printed Fabric Pencil Pouch - Purple, BB1263DPPL",Cleaning & Household,Stationery,DP,232,399,Exam Pads & Pencil Box,4,"Keep your daughter's stationery safe and at one place with this purple printed pencil pouch. It is crafted using high-quality fabric, which is strong, durable yet light in weight. It features a zipper closure and added compartments for storing different stationeries. The print on the bag is trendsetting and is sure to catch people's eyes."
168,Snacks - Roasted Mixture Lime,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",GoodDiet,79,109,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Bb GoodDiet Roasted Mixture Lime is tangy, flaky and healthy too. You cannot debate it when your pack of snack contains a mix of multi-grains, pulses, flaxseed, and oats. Its a complete snack made mainly of Bengal Gram (chana) and Wheat Flakes. Weight loss on your mind? This mix is your best bet as wheat flakes help you in weight loss and many other health benefits. Do not just go on dieting. Go on good dieting. Frying food increases your fat and calorie content. Enjoy these completely roasted snacks and say hello to a happier and healthier you."
169,Organic Dosa Mix - Jowar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,80,80,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.7,"Millets are micronutrients which are nutritious and is a replacement for rice and wheat. This Dosa mix is made from Sorghum/Jowar. Jowar is rich in fibre and iron. The high protein content of jowar controls blood sugar level, is good for bone health, and gluten-free. Certified organic products are only used."
170,Lunch Box/Tiffin Set - Green BB 570 2,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Tedemei,509,565,Lunch Boxes,3.6,"Pack lunch for your loved ones easily with this uptown lunchbox by Tedemei. Made of high-quality stainless steel on the inside, the lunch box is sturdy, durable, and easy to clean. On the outside, it is made of high- quality plastic. The lunch box comes with an airtight flap and lock lid, which helps in keeping the food fresh for a longer time. Also, the lid closes tight enough to store solid as well as liquid food without worries of spillage. With a catchy green colour with a smart design, this lunch box is perfect to carry to the office."
171,BCAA Energy Drink - Berry Flavour,Beverages,Energy & Soft Drinks,NOCD,110,110,Sports & Energy Drinks,4,"NOCD provides a comprehensive formula for stronger immune system, stronger muscles, active brain and quality skin and hair The presence of BCAA and different vitamins and minerals along with effective levels of antioxidants provides a complete sy ergistic immune therapy to the body These elements of the drink help protect against the damage caused by free radicals Other nutrients like biotin, folic acid protect DNA and cells from within It has goodness of green coffee bean extract and l carnetine which helps in weight management"
172,Coffee Energizing Face Scrub,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,BIOTIQUE,142.5,190,Face Care,3,Biotique Coffee Energizing Face Scrub is enriched with 100% pure coffee extract. The coffee purifies and deeply cleanses your face. It scrubs away impurities and dead cells and brightens your face. It rejuvenates and energizes your skin. This Scrub wash gives you a clear complexation by removing tan and blackheads. It unclogs the pores giving you a healthy glow. It is made with all pure ingredients and is preservative-free.
173,Pain Relief - Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Himalaya Wellness,90,100,Hair Oil & Serum,4.4,"Pain Massage Oil is a herbal oil which provides relief from neuromuscular pain and the pain associated with arthritis. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
174,Ultra Soft New Born Diapers - Extra Small,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Huggies,699,999,Diapers,3.9,Huggies ultra soft pants are our softest diaper pants. The ultra-soft range is the very best from Huggies and features cotton-like softness to gently hug your baby. Every ultra-soft diaper pant is clinically proven to help prevent rashes.
175,Jungle Stimulating Facial Cleanser,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,StBotanica,799,799,Face Care,3.5,"Refine the tone and texture of your skin with our Jungle Stimulating Facial Cleanser. Infused with natural Vitamin E and extracts such as Green Tea, Cucumber, Aloe vera, Clary sage and Avocado, this cleanser defends the skin, helps reduce and prevent the appearance of wrinkles, dark spots, fine lines and other signs of ageing. The Balancing formula keeps the skin feeling revived and refreshed. After using the cleanser, welcome fresh, smoother, younger, happier and truly vibrant skin. Natural Face Wash with Vitamin E, Avocado Oil, Aloe Vera Extract, Cucumber Extract, Clary Sage Extract, Butchers Broom Extract. Ideal for both Men and Women.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
176,Ylang Ylang Essential Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Soulflower,328,450,Aromatherapy,4.5,"100% pure, natural and vegan Soulflower Ylang Ylang Essential Oil softens, rejuvenates and moisturises skin, keeps your skin and hair look healthy, hydrated and smooth by balancing scalp moisture.For Skin: Cananga Odorata (Ylang Ylang) essential oil is pale yellow to golden yellow and has a thin consistency. It retains skin moisture, controls acne, lightens scars and blemishes, prevents microbial growth	 thus protects skin from bacterial or fungal infections. This oil is perfect in giving you beautiful and glowing skin as it balances skin oil, keeps your skin youthful, refreshed, hydrated and soft.For Hair: Ylang Ylang essential oil works great in rejuvenating the dry scalp, controlling hair fall, strengthening hair roots, balancing sebum secretion and boosting hair growth giving you a healthier scalp and hair."
177,Clear Glycerine Soap - Natural Toning (Tea Tree Oil & Honey),Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Medimix,40,40,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.3,"Medimix Clear Glycerine-Natural Toning is meant for people with Normal Skin. It helps maintain healthy skin-tone the natural way. It contains the unique and time tested combination of Tea-tree Oil, Honey and Glycerine, which helps keep skin clear, firm and healthy. It makes your skin smile!!! For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
178,Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Mysore Sandal,430,430,Bathing Bars & Soaps,5,"Mysore Sandal-The Only Soap with Pure, natural Sandalwood Oil, Mysore Sandal Gold-Enriched with pure Sandalwood & Almond Oil and moisturisers, The Soap that comes close to the natural fragrance of Jasmine Flowers, Mysore Rose-The gentle fragrance of roses keeps you close to nature, Mysore Sandal Classic-The Soap with the goodness of Moistuiser and fragrant sandalwood Oil, Mysore Lavender-The Fragrance of Lavender for Freshness all through the day. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
179,Yellow Balm,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Siang Pure,195,195,Everyday Medicine,3.5,"Siang Pure is premium International Brand for Herbal Natural Medicinal products made in Thailand since 1958 at the state of the Art Plant located in Bangkok to produce various products of Ancient Chinese Wisdom for Natural Cure based on the principles of self-healing. The Essence of Chinese Medicine is to maintain (Balance of Life) including that of the Body and External Nature as well as the internal balance of all Organs. Each Herbal ingredient works together to maximise the healing effects of One another mainly to improve blood circulation."
180,"LED Bulb - 12 Watt, Cool Daylight, B22 Base","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,AGARO,159,260,CFL & Led Bulbs,4,"High-Quality Bright Light: Glows with 80 CRI for better colour retention, giving the true colour effect more accurate.Economical: Consumes less energy thus saving 85% electricity bill compared to incandescent bulbs. Long Lasting: Lasts 10X longer than incandescent bulbs.No Visible Flickering: The right light enables you to experience flicker-free lighting and does away with physical discomfort to the eyes. Select LED bulbs with a lower Flicker Index and SVM less than 1.3.Glare Reduction Surface: Brightness of lamps can cause excessive sensitivity to the eyes. But the right light provides more comfort to the eyes, physical ease and relaxation when looking directly at them. Eye Safety Compliance: The right light is tested and certified to ensure the light is as safe to the eyes as any other artificial light source. LED products provide the right light for all your needs."
181,Coriander Leaves 100 g + Garlic 250 g + Ginger 250 g + Chilli Green Long 250g,Fruits & Vegetables,Herbs & Seasonings,Fresho,81.06,109.38,Indian & Exotic Herbs,3.5,"Coriander leaves are green, fragile with a decorative appearance. They contain minimal aroma and have a spicy-sweet taste. Now do not bother wasting time cutting off the roots as we value your money and time and provide you with the freshest leafy edible parts.Do not forget to check our delicious recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/33/green-chutney/ Garlic is made of several heads wrapped in thin whitish layers. They are firm and have a mild flavour. Once crushed, they emit a strong and pungent aroma.Do not forget to check out our delicious recipe-https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/819/pull-apart-cheese-garlic-bread/ Firm and fibrous ginger roots are stretched with multiple fingers that have light to dark tan skin and rings on it and is aromatic, spicy and pungent."
182,Jaggery/Bella Powder - Pesticide Free,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Salt, Sugar & Jaggery",Safe Harvest,56,70,Sugar & Jaggery,3.9,"Safe Harvest Jaggery Powder is made in the traditional way from molasses from cane juice, which is slow cooked to deliver a rich, nutrient dense goodness all the way from Uttarakhand to you. With minimal processing and no bleaching, it is packed with beneficial vitamins and minerals like Iron, Calcium, Potassium and Zinc important for bone density, immunity boosting and reproductive health. Available in versatile powdered form, it can be used in a wide variety of sweet preparations as a healthy substitute to white sugar. Transfer to a clean airtight container after opening the packet to avoid lumps. All Safe Harvest products are cultivated completely devoid of synthetic chemical pesticides."
183,Ready Masala - Kashmiri Meat,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Kohinoor,19,20,Blended Masalas,4.2,"This flavorful delicacy is the pride of Kashmir and one of the main dishes of the famous Kashmiri Wazwan, known for its heavenly taste and aromatic gravy, this dish is full of flavours and should not be missed by any meat lover. It won’t be untrue to say that if there’s a dish that tastes like heaven then this is it!"
184,"Water Saving Aerator, Switch",Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,ECO365,509,509,"Kitchen, Glass & Drain",3.5,"Eco365 presents water saving aerator for kitchen & washbasin tap. Its flow rate is as per green building norms. It is designed with a flow rate of 3 litres per minute to cut down on unnecessary water consumption. Regular pre-installed aerators on taps dispense much more water than actually required. Eco365 water saving aerator can reduce this water wastage by up to 80%. In a years time, an Eco365 aerator installed tap could save approx. 40000 litres of fresh water. Water saved is water earned. Measure your tap's opening before ordering. Tap aerators might be small but are one of the most essential parts of any tap set up. Covert your existing water taps into water-saving taps with Eco365 Aerator!"
185,Lemongrass Anti-Pigmentation Massage Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Vaadi,148.5,165,Face Care,3.5,"A super-rich mixture of various essential oils, this massage cream leaves your skin feeling super soft, supple & refreshed. Nutrient-rich Lemongrass & Cedarwood penetrate into the deeper layers of the skin granting health to the cells and fading away blemishes & marks. It makes your skin clear & vibrant."
186,Breakfast Mix - Finger Millet Ragi Idli,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,GoodDiet,119,149,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.2,"Ragiidli is a delicious savoury breakfast made from premium quality finger millets. It is extremely healthy, easily digestible and very nutritious. This ready-to-cook breakfast mix also contains sooji, which has a low glycemic index and that makes it a recommended food for diabetics. The high amount of dietary fiber in ragi keeps the stomach full for longer and prevents unwanted cravings. Upgrade your lifestyle by inviting more healthy foods into your kitchen."
187,Herbal Wine Grapefruit Lip Balm,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Khadi Natural,99,99,Lip Care,4.4,"Wine grapefruit lip balm is made with nutritious grapefruit seed oil, bursting with powerful vitamins. It refreshes your lips with a sweet hint of citrus and nourishes with vitamin c and softened and lustrous lips."
188,Masala Upma,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,MOM Meal of the Moment,20,20,Heat & Eat Ready Meals,3.4,Wholesome meal that tastes just like home food. Just add hot water. No preservatives
189,Maharishi Ayurveda Ayush Kwath,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Maharishi Ayurveda ,165,165,Ayurveda,3.5,"Maharishi Ayurveda Ayush Kwath is a special Ayurvedic formulation made with herbs that act as an immunity booster. It helps in Fighting Infections. It is Antibacterial, Anti Viral, and supports prana and Udana. Ayush Kwath is a scientifically proven natural supplement that has everything that your body needs to fight germs in a healthier way. This special Ayurvedic formula is scientifically researched and combines years of ayurvedic knowledge along with the world’s best herbs and other natural ingredients to provide the immune system with everything it needs. It can be sipped like tea or kadha and can be customized according to individual taste by adding Gud, lemon juice etc. Give a boost to your Immune system with this Scientifically proven Ayurvedic Kwath formula. Maharishi Ayurveda Ayush kwath is an Ayurvedic formula that helps in building your Immune system from within."
190,Svachh Nakshtra Steel Inner Lid Pressure Cooker (20257),"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Prestige,2369,2780,Pressure Cookers,3.5,Bring home a cooker that helps you keep the kitchen clean and safe. The Nakshatra Plus Svachh Pressure Cooker comes with a unique lid that contains any spillage that might occur during the course of cooking and prevents the messy liquid from dripping down.
191,Chicken Liver Gourmet Loaf With Pumpkin - Super Food,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Kennel kitchen ,150,150,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,Natural food for dogs. Suitable for both adult and puppies. Preservative-free contains superfood pumpkin. Good for hydration. Suitable for all ages and sizes above 3 months of age. Suitable for both adult and puppies.
192,Bath & Body Oil - Oriental Spicy Rose,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Oriental Botanics,699,699,Aromatherapy,2,"Introducing the Oriental Botanics Bath and Body Oil - A botanical delicately scented Body Oil making it the best Oil for skin - a light natural oil that penetrates your skin cells to moisturize and provides a soothing topical barrier without clogging pores which leaving skin feeling hydrated and enriched. This product is uniquely blended with the high quality of 100% natural base oils of Sweet Almond, Avocado, Soya bean, Apricot, Jojoba and Grapeseed Oil. This light and non-greasy oil will be quickly absorbed and leaves only a comfortable feeling. Your skin will be soft and smooth after relaxing with Green Tea and Basil bath and body oil."
193,"Specialist Skin Care Oil - Scars, Stretch Mark, Ageing, Uneven Skin Tone",Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Bio-Oil,333,450,Body Care,4.2,"Bio-Oil Skincare Oil is made for all skin types, this skincare oil can be used to help reduce the appearance of stretch marks, scars, and other marks due to surgery, injury, acne, aging, pregnancy, and more. Its fast- absorbing, non-comedogenic formula won't clog pores. It helps the skin to retain essential moisture to soften skin and provide dry skin relief. It's truly a multiuse oil that's recommended by skincare specialists across the world. Its unique formulation, which contains Vitamins and plant extracts along with the breakthrough ingredient PurCellin Oil™ is highly effective and clinically proven."
194,Brioche,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Gourmet Breads,The Baker's Dozen,155,155,Gourmet Bread,4.4,"Loaded with butter (mind it, not margarine or vanaspati), try me for breakfast, as a desi €˜bun maska€™ or a French toast and start your day on a sweet note"
195,Onion - Rings,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Miaow Miaow,75,75,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Miaow Miaow Onion Rings: Ingredients: Corn Grits, Palm Oil, Contain Onion Seasoning, Flavouring Substance, Sugar, Salt and Contains Anti Caking, Food Conditioner."
196,Cotton Mop With Telescopic Handle 150 Cm,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",York,558,620,"Mops, Wipers",3.5,"York is a Leading European manufacturer of household cleaning products. The mop consists of many highest quality cotton strings, ideal for cleaning various surfaces such as tiles and laminated floors. The thick thread is produced from an exceptionally durable material and comes with a telescopic handle."
197,Kale,Fruits & Vegetables,Organic Fruits & Vegetables,Fresho,10,12.5,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"Kale is a crisp and hearty vegetable, with a hint of earthiness. Kale is considered a superfood (meaning it is nutrient-dense while being very low in calories) and packs more nutrition than almost any other whole food.1? Like other dark green leafy vegetables, kale is high in calcium, beta-carotene, and vitamin C, but surpasses other greens with its skyrocketing levels of vitamins A and K."
198,"Notebook - Unruled, Long",Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Classmate,33,33,"Notebooks, Files, Folders",4.3,"Classmate Notebooks are made to the highest quality standards. Made from superior quality paper and pulp, the pages are whiter, brighter and smoother. The superior cut and excellent finish ensure the pages are in perfect alignment without any folded corners. The superior binding strength and wrapper lamination make them as durable as ever. These notebooks come with a wide variety of covers with activities and trivias to make every classmate notebook unique in its own way."
199,Instant Noodles - Soy & Vinegar,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Koka,67.5,75,Imported Noodles,3.6,"Contains Anthocyanins, Rich in Natural Antioxidants, Non-Fried, No MSG, No Preservatives, No Artificial Colouring, No Trans Fat"
200,Gluten-Free Quinoa Flour,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Graminway,378,378,Flours & Pre-Mixes,3.7,"Quinoa Flour is produced from Quinoa (kin-wah) which is a grain-like crop derived from South America. Quinoa provides protein, dietary fibre, B vitamins, and dietary minerals in rich amounts above those of wheat, corn, rice, or oats. It is gluten-free. Quinoa can be eaten as a rice replacement, as a hot breakfast cereal. Quinoa flour can be mixed with maize or wheat flour for making bread and pasta, and it is used for making or baking biscuits, cakes, and pastries in general."
201,"Chikki, Peanut Bar",Snacks & Branded Foods,Indian Mithai,Paper Boat,40,40,Chikki & Gajjak,4.1,"The classic! Everybody's favorite snack. Most coveted in tiffin boxes and among post-dinner treats or mid-day snack for that matter. Now that we think about it, this was the ever favorite snack (can you blame us, it is sooo snacky!) Made with the finest quality peanuts and jaggery, its crunchy sweetness is sure to bring a smile to your face."
202,1001 Nights Concentrated Oriental Perfume Free From Alcohol For Unisex,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Ajmal,4900,5000,Attar,3.5,"Uniting deep-rooted traditions with modern times, Alf Lail O Lail Eau de Parfum, comprises Spicy and Smoky notes, which evolve into a menagerie of Floral elements, complemented by the lingering effect of Musky and Woody notes. Equally as enchanting as the fragrance and in continuation of the â€˜1001 Arabian Nightsâ€™ theme, the Eau de Parfum is encased in an exquisitely-crafted bottle resembling a magic lamp. The matt-gold finish of the casing and the silver cap add to the charm of the authentic looking Arabian bottle containing 60 ml of the entrancing scent, capturing the magic and mystery of the orient."
203,Man - Indigo Body Mist,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Nike,278.4,348,Body Sprays & Mists,3.5,"A brand inspired by the Greek goddess of victory, it personifies strength, speed and energy and it launched its first perfume in 1929. Since then, a wide assortment of fragrance collections has hit the marketplace with refreshing, and eye-catching proposals that capture the essence and lifestyle of today´s man and woman.Nike Indigo man Body mist is long-lasting fragrant. Provides long-lasting protection with active formula."
204,Fields Of Gold Organic Cumin - Whole,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,PRISTINE,52,52,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.4,"Cumin seeds are also known as “Jeera” in Hindi is a spice obtained from the dried seed of the herb, Cuminum Cyminum. Cumin seeds impart an earthy, warming and aromatic character to the food. It can be incorporated in a variety of cuisines in combination with coriander seeds powder. It can be added in garam masala in a roasted form and it is 100% Organic. It is certified by USDA and Indian Organic certification body like Control Union."
205,Body Massage Oil - Energising,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aloe Veda,697.5,775,Aromatherapy,3.5,"This Distil Energising Body Massage Oil is specially formulated with a healing blend of pure Essential Oils in a carrier oil base of premium Sweet Almond Oil. Distil Oils are gentle, light on the skin and easily absorbed by the body due to its ideal viscosity. It contains beta-carotene, gamma-oryzanol, tocotrienols (vitamin E) and vitamins D, C. The rich presence of essential fatty acids like palmitic, stearic, and linoleic acid moisturizes the skin, balances both dry and oily patches, reduce inflammation, soothes discomfort and is a wonderful oil for itchy alligator skin.Regular massage with Distil Massage Oils, promote the restoration of collagen at the cellular level, makes the skin firm, smooth and youthful in appearance. The special blend of Essential Oils is an aphrodisiac and gives a sensuous high."
206,Synthetic Food Colour Preparation Lemon Yellow,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,999,20,20,Home Baking,4,Synthetic Food Colour Preparation Lemon Yellow
207,"Toothpaste - Gum Care, Expert Protection",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Pepsodent,78.4,98,Toothpaste,4.3,"Reduce those dental visits with this Expert Protection Gum Care Toothpaste from Pepsodent. Formulated with Zinc Citrate technology, this toothpaste not only takes care of your teeth, but provides you with the best gum care. Its advanced formula consists of Germ check and Gum guard to provide you with Complete-8 action oral care. Its anti-bacterial formula prevents your teeth from cavities, reduces tartar and lactic acid, and eliminates bacteria to give you a refreshing breath and healthier teeth & gums. Perfect for the whole family, this toothpaste should be used twice daily for effective results. Buy this value pack right away and get the complete oral care for your teeth and gums. A quality product of Unilever Dental Research. TM Regd. Made in India."
208,Bio Myristica Spot Correcting Anti Acne Face Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,BIOTIQUE,149.25,199,Face Care,3.9,"Biotique Bio Myristica Face Pack will give you results that you have never experienced before. This spot correcting face pack treats pimples and helps control the bacteria that causes breakouts, redness and other skin irritations. Now say goodbye to bad skin days with this amazing formula!"
209,"Stainless Steel Frying Ladle - No. 9, Silvera","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Anjali,65,82,"Strainer, Ladle, Spatula",3.7,The neat and clean design of this elegant frying ladle makes it essential for your home. It is made to be durable and from high-quality stainless steel. This spoon will survive multiple wash cycles and not lose its shine. It is easy to use for frying foods.
210,OvenOrg Multi Millet Rusk,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",PRISTINE,35,35,Rusks,1.8,"Pristine presents it's OvenOrg Multi Millet Rusk a perfect tea time treat for fitness lovers. Loaded with great taste and Health Millets is a storehouse of nutrition and helps in mitigating new age ailments. They are highly nutritious and one of the most digestible grains. The rusks are made from 57% Millet flour that is retrieved from the ebbing legacy of our cultural heritage. Enjoy this healthy package of delectable rusk at a tea-party with your friends and family."
211,Mahabhringraj Tel - Hairfall Reduction & Dandruff Control,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Baidyanath,295,295,Ayurveda,3.5,"Mahabhringraj Tel is pure Ayurvedic chemical-free nourishing hair oil, made scientifically with the goodness of Bhringraj, a herb which is known in Ayurveda as ‘Keshraj’- king of hair, which helps your hair grow longer and healthier. The tail is prepared by Traditional Ayurvedic methods (Kshirpak vidhi) with a combination of 15 valuable clinically proven herbs dipped in pure Til tail (Sesame oil). This process with till tel as base oil will help to extract the entire medicinal qualities from the herbs giving us potent Mahabhringraj tel. Regular gentle massage of this therapeutic hair oil on the scalp will help control hair fall, strengthen hair from their roots, and is a helpful remedy for Dandruff. It’s a 100 % Natural formulation free from mineral oils, No silicone, No synthetic colours and fragrances"
212,Masterchefs Germ Protection Liquid Handwash Refill,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Godrej Protekt,147,147,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4.2,"Godrej Protekt Masterchef's is a handwash unlike any other. It does not contain harmful chemicals and is naturally derived. It washes the germs away with the goodness of glycerin and essential oils leaving your hands soft and your nose delighted. A Triclosan free handwash, it has been replaced with saner actives.This product is 100% recyclable and 100% reusable.Also available in Protekt Masterblaster variant."
213,Black Naturals Hair Colour Shade 1-Deep Black 20 ml + 20 gm,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Garnier,108.78,117,Hair Color,4.2,"It is an oil-enriched cream colour which gives natural-looking black hair. Works in 15 minutes, non-drip cream. Maintains softness, smoothness, and shine. No ammonia hair colour. Lasts for 6 weeks."
214,Apple Cider Vinegar - Raw Unfiltered Unpasteurized with Cinamon & Honey,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Zoe,449.1,499,Balsamic & Cider Vinegar,5,"ZOE Apple Cider Vinegar (ZOE ACV) with Cinnamon and Honey is a naturally fermented with delicious natural Himalayan apples. ZOE ACV is 100 per cent pure and has the goodness of mother of vinegar that lends it a cloudy look, but is an affirmation of high quality unprocessed vinegar. Loaded with potent antioxidants and minerals ZOE ACV is an elixir of life. Cinnamon has anti-fungal and anti-bacterial characteristics to combat infections, bad breath, and tooth decay. Its anti-oxidative properties lowers the risk of cognitive infections and cancer. It provides benefits in controlling the cholesterol and triglyceride levels and blood pressure. Thus it is beneficial in keeping the heart diseases at bay. Also, the anti-diabetic property also helps in controlling by considerably increasing the receptivity to insulin."
215,"Brinjal - Varikatri, Organically Grown",Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,10,12.5,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"It Is Organically Grown And Handpicked From Farm Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
216,Wonderz Milk Shakes - Classic Vanilla,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Sunfeast,29.75,35,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4.5,"Treat yourself with an exciting tasteful adventure and discover Wonderz of Milk in every sip. Classic Vanilla Shake is a wonderful blend of the goodness of vanilla and milk. Made with natural vanilla extracts, it promises to offer a classic thick and creamy milkshake experience. This product contains no preservatives and is a source of protein and calcium."
217,Marie Light Biscuits - Oats Fibre,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,25,25,"Marie, Health, Digestive",4.3,"Sunfeast Marie Light Oats, Crispy Marie biscuits enriched with the goodness of 2 power-packed fibres - natural wheat fibre and soluble oats fibre."
218,Masala - Chicken,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Annapoorna,28,28,Blended Masalas,4.8,Annaporna Spices are the preserve for Connoisseurs of authentic and pure ground Flovours & Aromas.
219,Dark Chocolate- 55% Rich In Cocoa,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Amul,87.12,100,Chocolates,4.3,Amul Dark Chocolate is made with the finest ingredients and rich cocoa. Its strong flavour and silky texture is just what you need to fall in love with pure cocoa for its authentice taste.
220,Gentle Baby Wipes,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Himalaya,699,699,Baby Wipes,4.1,"Infused with the goodness of Aloe Vera and Indian Lotus extracts, Gentle Baby Wipes are mild enough to soothe baby's bottoms during a diaper change. The wipes can also be used to gently cleanse baby's skin. The natural ingredients ensure that the baby remains bacteria-free throughout the day. Ideal for use when travelling."
221,Avocado,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,105,131.25,Exotic Fruits,3.5,"Avocado is an oval-shaped fruit with thick green and a bumpy, leathery outer skin. They have a unique texture, with a creamy and light green colored flesh that has a buttery flavour and a special aroma. Avocados are also known as alligator pear or butter fruit. These avocados delivered to you, will not just entice your taste buds but will also ensure your well being. The approximate weight of one avocado is around 300-500 g."
222,Plastic Dustbin - Beige,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,DP,249,449,Dustbins,4.1,"Keep your office or home clean and organised by keeping this stylish dustbin on the ground. It is rectangular. The dustbin is made using high-quality plastic, which makes it lightweight and durable. You can throw staple pins, papers pins, empty refills, pencil shavings, crumbled papers etc. Keep the trash and clutter away with this."
223,"Pineapple - Chunks, Single Serve",Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,19,23.75,"Cut Fruit, Tender Coconut",3.5,"Our uniformly and perfectly cut pineapple chunks are enriching sight to behold. We have reduced a large effort for you by removing the pineapple's prickly exterior and cubed its sweet, juicy flesh into bite-sized chunks. Consumed on the during travel or in your breaks. These are alternatives for your snacks. A dd them to your meal to make it interesting. Spice it up with a pinch of salt and masala. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/865/american-pineapple-upside-down-cake-egg-free/"
224,Jeera Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Catch,44.2,52,Powdered Spices,4.1,"Catch Jeera Powder is made using the advanced LTG technology that keeps its aroma and flavour intact. Jeera is well known for its digestive properties and is used in a variety of Indian Dishes. It’s undoubtedly an inseparable part of every Indian kitchen. Catch Jeera Powder is a basic Indian spice used extensively in all the Indian cuisines. The main use of this Indian masala is to add aroma, colour and flavours to vegetables, gravies, curries and meat dishes. Catch Jeera Powder is made from the best premium sortex quality cumin seeds sourced from Unjha, Gujrat & Jodhpur, Rajasthan."
225,Pure Neem Skin Purifying Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Joy,90,120,Face Care,4.3,"Joy Pure Neem Skin Purifying Face Wash contains Neem extracts with active salicylates which treat severe acne and pimple breakouts. It fights spots, marks and other skin conditions while washing away excess oil from skin surface without over drying. Skin appears pure and clear. Due to its antioxidant properties, neem protects the skin from harmful UV rays, pollution and other environmental factors. The vitamins and fatty acids in neem improve and maintain the elasticity of the skin, reduce wrinkles and fine lines.Joy Pure Neem Purifying Face Wash contains Neem extracts with active salicylates which treat severe acne and pimple breakouts. Known as an antiseptic and effective against impurities, neem is rich in anti-fungal and anti-bacterial properties. It deep cleanses your skin very gently, removes excess oils and clears clogged pores."
226,Lemon - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Organic Fruits & Vegetables,Fresho,33.6,42,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"It is organically grown and handpicked from farm Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
227,Lavender & Vanilla Handmade Luxury Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,StBotanica,275,275,Bathing Bars & Soaps,5,"This natural soap is loaded with ingredients known for their nourishing and anti-ageing properties. We use only cold- pressed natural oils as they contain more nutrients and antioxidants than the cheaper pressed oils. The nutrient dense oils provide superior nourishment to the skin cells.Lavender & Vanilla Essential Oils: Apart from the sensuous aroma, essential oils offera number of skin benefits. Lavender oil soothes the skin. It could quickly relieve skin irritation. It has antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties that help reduce skin breakouts. Its antioxidant constituents fight the signs of skin aging. It helps lighten dark spots and pigmentation and helps even out skin tone. The high antioxidant content of vanilla oil helps in inhibiting free radical-induced cell damage."
228,"Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker - Steeltuff, Induction Base, Silver","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,United,2059,2424,Pressure Cookers,3,"Affordable and versatile, the Stainless Steel cookers from United are one of the most kitchen-friendly utensils out there. They are strong, safe and easy to maintain. Also, being a fantastic thermal conductor, these cookers result in perfectly even and well-cooked dishes. United aluminium pressure cooker, is the most cost-effective product, with similar specs and quality as compared to all the other products in the market. With zero compromises on the quality, it is the most pocket-friendly aluminium pressure cooker. Along with its effective pricing, it also has several plus points such as an anti-bulge base, injection moulding and bakelite handles which increases the life span of the product."
229,"Steel Deep Dabba/Storage Container - No. 12, Plain","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,BB Home,249,339,Steel Storage Containers,3.5,"BB Home Canister/Container Deep Dabba is a long cylindrical-shaped storage container, made of fine quality stainless steel that is durable and ideal for storing grains, snacks and other edibles. They are easy to clean and maintain. They add a great addition to your modular kitchen."
230,Chyawan Fit Sugarfree Chyawanprash - Natural Immunity Booster,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Baidyanath,225,225,Supplements & Proteins,5,"Baidyanath Chyawan-Fit, the Sugarfree Chyawanprash is an excellent tonic for people with high blood sugar. It is specially formulated, as it is free from any added sugar. Every teaspoon of Baidyanath Sugarfree Chyawan-Fit contains the natural goodness of Almonds, Ashwagandha and Amla, a rich source of vitamin C, minerals & potent herbal nutrients essential to boost the body’s immunity & metabolic activity. Baidyanath Chyawanfit Sugarfree contains the rejuvenating goodness of herbs and acts as immunomodulatory. It is a mind and body rejuvenator, enriched with Vitamin – C, and Calcium."
231,Morning Dew Perfumed Talc 250 g + English Lavender Perfumed Talc 250 g,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Yardley London,329.8,400,Talcum Powder,3.5,"Yardley Morning Dew exudes freshness that lingers from morning through the day. This is a fine, silky luxury talcum powder. Embrace the vibrant and musky fragrance of white flowers like lily and lotus. This luxurious talcum powder will keep you fresh, smooth, and scented throughout the day.It takes the world's finest natural lavender oils and over 200 years' expertise to create Yardley English Lavender. This is a fine, silky luxury talcum powder and will leave your skin feeling soft and subtly fragrant all day. This luxurious talcum powder will keep you fresh, smooth, and scented throughout the day."
232,"Energy Bars - Nutty, 4+ Years, 100% Natural & Healthy",Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Timios,140,140,Chocolates,3.6,"Timios Nutty Energy Bars are made from 100% natural and real fruits with the wholesome and goodness of a wide variety of nuts and dried fruits which are loaded and packed with antioxidants and various other essential nutrients that are ideal for the development of cognition and other physical attributes in your little one. This product does not contain processed sugar, artificial colours, added flavour and added preservatives."
233,Banana Stem - Diced,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Fresho,32,40,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,"We have reduced your time and effort with this pack of fresho diced banana stems which makes a quick and healthy meal, and are neatly cleaned and packed. Banana Stem is the fibrous stalk of the banana plant. It has high water content, fresh and crispy textured stalks with a mild taste. Fresho stem grade bananas are offered in a pristine condition and are tasty and nutritious."
234,Chilli Flakes,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,On1y,99,99,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",4.3,"Set your taste buds on a rollercoaster ride as you add a dash to your gourmet salads, pizzas and pastas. Throw in a pinch to liven up your salsa too. Go ahead, experiment and explore."
235,Bite & Sip Flask And Lunch Box/Tiffin Box - Green Colour,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Asian,319,495,Lunch Boxes,3.5,"Asian Bite & Sip Combo Pack includes a lunch box and a flask. Their outside wall made by food-grade plastic and inner material includes steel. The lunch box keeps food warm, made from high quality of stainless steel and the bottle double-walled 18/8 stainless steel Premium Thermos Flask which keeps drinking hot for 12 hours and cold for 24 h. Inset consists of natural high- grade steel with a smooth surface hygienic and easy to clean. It is made from high-quality 304-grade stainless steel. It carries conveniently hot or cold beverages. Have cold water all day long, on-the-go, even in the most peak summers. Carry coffee or tea when travelling."
236,Namkeen - Khara Boondi,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Tasties,49,85,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4,"Tasties Namkeens are a range of traditional indian savories that are authentic, crispy, and deliciously mouth watering. If you are looking for a quick snack to compliment your evening tea, or a spicy bite to accompany your food, Tasties Namkeen is the perfect fun-food that will leave you craving for more!"
237,Raw Seeds - Sunflower Pumpkin Flax Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,166,175,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.4,"True Elements brings to you Raw Sunflower Pumpkin Flax Seeds that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. It is perfectly crunchy and is 100% natural and high-quality. These seeds are raw to get maximum health benefits. This combination of seeds contains vitamins, minerals, essential amino acids, antioxidants, fatty acids, etc. that are important for your health. It is a great mid-meal snack, sprinkled over breakfast, soups or can be ground into a powder and added to food. Benefits: 1. It is loaded with many health benefits and nutrients. 2. It is a great healthy snack or meal option. 3. It contains vitamins, minerals, essential amino acids, antioxidants and fatty acids. 4. It is 100% natural and made of high-quality."
238,"Garnet LED White Bulb - 14 Watt, Cool Day, B22","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,Wipro,199,320,CFL & Led Bulbs,3.5,This high brightness LED comes an efficacy up to 100lm/W. It has wide coverage with a 240-degree beam angle. It comes with an aluminium heat sink for better heat dissipation. It is LM 80 tested with SMD LED Technology. It can take high voltage fluctuation with up to 380VAC and surge protection up to 2.5KV. These bulbs are suitable for commercial and industrial appliances. It comes with diffuser optics for a glare-free light which is safe for eyes.
239,Tempeh Cubes - Simply Sriracha Soyabean,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Hello Tempayy,135,150,"Paneer, Tofu & Cream",5,"Get your protein and spice fix all at once with Simply Sriracha Tempayy. Whip up stir fries and lettuce wraps with complete ease or just munch on these with complete abandon. Created by the magic of fermenting soyabeans with zero preservatives, it is packed with protein and fibre, low in carbs and easy to digest."
240,Green Tea Gentle Detox Set,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,The Moms Co,972,972,Body Care,3.5,"Our Green Tea Detox Scrub Box has our gel-based Face & Body scrub that scrubs away dead cells, dirt and dullness with seeds gentle enough even for sensitive skin. While Black Sand and Tagua Nut gently exfoliate, Aloe Vera soothes and hydrates skin leaving it soft & healthNay. Green Tea & Plant AHAs remove excess oil & control sebum production."
241,Fresh Catch Fish Fingers,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Ifb,240,240,Frozen Fish & Seafood,3.5,"You can’t beat the classics. Perfectly crispy and exceptionally dippable, our Crunchy Fish Fingers are always delicious, making them the perfect intro for any get- together of family and friends."
242,Sour Cream & Onion,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Appitas,95,95,Nachos & Chips,2.8,"Tired of potato chips and nachos? We have found the perfect snack for your munchies! Appitas Olive Twist Pita Chips are baked, multigrain pita chips loaded with the zest of olives but yet remain low in carbs and fat so you do not need to worry about cheating on your diet whenever you feel like having a midnight snack. These chips are the perfect party snack to serve with any dips and are delicious enough that you can eat the entire packet on their own! So what are you waiting for? Try them!"
243,Xylitol Powder,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,So Sweet,350,350,Exotic Sugar & Salt,5,"So Sweet Stevia Xylitol is made of 100% natural Zero calorie sweetener and in the best and healthiest alternative to sugar and artificial sweeteners in your daily life ( Zindagi ). No calories, no carbohydrates, and no artificial ingredients. Non-glycemic response, no bitterness, no aftertaste. Verified NON-GMO Product. Zero Glycemic Index, safe for diabetics. Smooth taste, Sweet taste, Kosher Certified extract used. 100% natural extraction process of sweetener. Extraction is done, using only water."
244,Glass Amaze Air Tight Jar - Pink,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo,289,358,Glassware,3.5,"These glass Jars are beautiful looking with its fabulous printed design, made with good quality. These jars are made air tight to keep food articles fresh for longer period, these are also extra strong, freezer safe, food grade, moisture resistant, scratch resistant with no sharp edges & no wobbling. These glass jars are ideal for storing snacks, nuts, spices & other food articles."
245,Sixer Biscuits - Salted,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Parle,60,60,Salted Biscuits,4.2,Parle Sixer Salted is offering a Salty and delicious snack range with small yet filled with flavour pieces of salty biscuits. It has high nutritional value and quiets a hit among the tea time brunches.
246,"Gokshuradi Guggulu - Urinary Disorders, 500mg",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Sri Sri Tattva,80,80,Ayurveda,3.5,"Gokshuradi Guggulu is effective in Renal Colic and Urinary Disorders, Dysuria. It is useful in Calculus, Gout, Leucorrhoea and spermatic disorders.Acts as an anti-lithiatic, anti-inflammatory, anti-arthritis, anti-hypertensive, anti-gout, analgesic, muscle relaxant and adaptogenicHelps to maintain a healthy metabolismRemove toxins from the system and supports a healthy urinary systemAlso used in the treatment of gall bladder disorder, Kidney disease, corpulence (obesity) and skin disorders"
247,Peach Shine Lip Care,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Himalaya,112.5,150,Lip Care,4,"Moisturizes your lips to keep them soft and supple. Shine with Himalaya Herbals naturally glossy Peach Shine Lip Care. Our luxurious lip balm moisturizes your lips to keep them soft and supple. The moisture-retention formula with skin soothers makes your lips naturally glossy while the antioxidants and natural actives care for your lips by protecting them from environmental damage. Enriched with 100% natural colour, Vitamin E and antioxidants, Peach Shine Lip Care is free from preservatives, petroleum jelly, mineral oil and silicone. Not tested on animals."
248,Skincare Hand Wash Refill,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Dettol,218,218,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4.3,"Be 100% sure to protect your skin from 100 illness-causing germs and bacteria. Use Dettol's Skincare Germ Protection Handwash Liquid Soap pH balanced formula every day and keep your hands hygienically clean and refreshed. This hand wash provides a soft and rich lather, leaving behind clean hands and fragrance. The trusted germ-protection modus operandi acts like a barrier between your hands and a wide range of unseen germs. The soap-free formula with glycerin makes sure to keep your skin moisturised, while the plant-derived cleansers help ensure thorough cleaning. Dettol handwash also contains more than 85% naturally derived ingredients with no TCC & Triclosan, giving another healthy reason for handwashing whenever in need. Wash hands properly with Dettol and helps keep your family healthy! Safety Information: Keep out of reach of children unless under adult supervision."
249,4mm Aluminium Induction Base Chapati Roti Tawa - Silver,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,HAZEL,649,1289,Tawa & Sauce Pan,3.5,"Hazel Aluminium Tawa has an ergonomic design for ease of use. It features an ergonomic handle for easy function. This Induction Base Tawa is highly durable and is made of fine quality material making it long-lasting. It is easy to clean and wash. It is highly durable and has a comfortable handle making it easy to carry. It ensures even heat distribution and fast cooking. It is used to make chapatti, roti, paratha, etc."
250,Mix - Rava Idli,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Grb,110,110,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.1,Rava idly is a trendy breakfast recipe and is consumed either during breakfast or evening snack time. GRB's flavor enhancers like Cashew nuts are included in the Rava idly. It mixes well with valid traditional coconut chutney.
251,Impress Concentrated Perfume Free From Alcohol For Male,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Ajmal,300,500,Attar,3.5,"A hot new flame for men. A burning passion, sizzling chemistry, hearts on fire, pulses set alight and a man who blazes a trail where women follow. Just some of the benefits of the spicy and sizzling fragrance of spark!"
252,Skin Awakening Rinse,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Kaya Clinic,432,480,Face Care,5,"Specially formulated by kaya dermatologists, skin awakening rinse is a multi- vitamin shimmering cleanser that is designed to wash away make-up and impurities without altering skins natural moisture balance."
253,Pacific Steel Insulated Vacuum Flask,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Flask & Casserole,BB Home,609,999,Vacuum Flask,3.5,"BB Home Vacuum insulated double wall flasks are optimal for storing hot or cold liquids for long periods. Suitable for storing liquids only. Complete stainless steel body Vacuum insulated flask. Ergonomic design for easy maintenance, handling and reducing discomfort. 100% leaf proof, stain-free, odour free, this is made from food-grade stainless steel. Carbonated or aerated liquids must be avoided, as it may cause damage to the product. These are very high-quality steel vacuum flask with aluminium foil between the walls to maintain temperature for 12 hours for hot and cold liquids. Electropolished interiors for resisting steel corrosion which is not available in many branded flasks in the market. Why spend more money on pricey branded flasks, when you get the same finest quality flask at cheaper rates here."
254,Regenerist - Advanced Anti-Ageing Revitalising Hydration Skin Cream Moisturizer SPF 15,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Olay,1049.25,1399,Face Care,4.1,"Olay Regenerist offers advanced appearance correcting anti aging skin care products that help regenerate skins appearance without drastic measures. Formulated with an exclusive Olay amino- peptide + B3 complex, Regenerist incorporates other proven anti-aging ingredients such as vitamin E, pro-vitamin B5, green tea extract, allantoin, and glycerin. Olay Regenerist renews skins outer layer one cell at a time, helps regenerate its appearance quickly and strengthens its moisture barrier."
255,Cotton Swabs,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,SINWUAS,39,69,Cotton & Ear Buds,3.5,Keep yourself groomed and hygienic as you use these cotton earbuds. The earbuds are composed using cotton to offer a smooth and soft experience to the user. The cotton swabs protect your eardrum and let you clean off the dirt with much ease and care.
256,"Tropical Fruit Pudding - Lychee, Mango, Strawberry Flavoured",Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Cocon,63.75,75,"Marshmallow, Candy, Jelly",4,"Translucent cubes chewy, jelly sweetened and flavored pudding"
257,Pippali Fruit Powder - Supports Healthy Digestive & Immune System,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bixa Botanical,595,595,Ayurveda,3.5,"Pippali, Pimpali or Piper Longum (Latin, linn) is an indigenous plant to North- eastern & southern india and Ceylon, cultivated in Eastern Bengal. Pippali is the term applied to the fruit of piper longum. Pippali is a powerful Rejuvenating herb that strengthens and nourishes the body. Piper Longum is useful in various ailments especially of respiratory tract, digestive system, genital system, Skin, Liver & spleen. As per Ayurvedic textual reference Pippali is better for Vitiated Vatta, Kapha of the body & is hot, pungent in quality. From ancient time Pippali Powder when taken with honey is found useful for removing extra phlegm, relieve cough & cold, sore throat & hiccups. Ayurveda also mentions utility of Pippali Powder with Jaggery (twice in quantity) - useful in loss of appetite, indigestion, chronic fever, anaemic conditions and intestinal worms."
258,Salt & Peeper Shaker Masala Dabbi With Window,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Ritu,89,125,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,3.2,"A masala box (or masala dabbi, dabbe, or dabba) is a popular spice storage container widely used in Indian kitchens."
259,Organic - Triphala Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,94.05,99,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.2,"Helps in digestion, improves blood circulation, helps in weight loss, regulates blodd pressure."
260,Aeda Glycerine Bathing Bar - Natural Green,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,K.P. Namboodiris,35,35,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.7,"Protect the skin from environmental damages and act as anti-ageing agent. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
261,Chicken Cocktail Sausage,"Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Fresho,171.6,220,Chicken Sausages,3.5,"Chicken Cocktail Sausage is made with premium ingredients, giving you the perfect blend of flavours. Easy to cook, this is a perfect option to tame your hunger pangs. Indulge in some premium taste with Fresho."
262,Sun Expert Fairnes Sunscren Lotion SPF 30 PA++,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lakme,385,385,Body Care,4.5,"SPF 30 is a measure of protection for the skin from UVB rays and broad spectrum UV protection, Keeps your skin looking fresh and oil-free, PA+ is a measure of protection for the skin from the harmful UVA rays, Helps lighten your skin tone on regular usage. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
263,Cotton Pads,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Tulips,80,80,Cotton & Ear Buds,4.4,"Cotton pads are pads made of cotton For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
264,Ashwagandha Powder,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,NUTRIWISH,400,400,Health Drinks,2.5,"Reap the benefits of a rejuvenating tonic and an anti-inflammatory agent in Nutriwish Ashwagandha Powder. Known as one of the most powerful herbs in Ayurvedic healing, Nutriwish Ashwagandha Powder helps to assist the body to adapt to the negative effects of chronic stress by increasing energy, strength, and stamina. Make the most of this Indian ginseng, by having a beverage that contains a teaspoon of powdered ashwagandha before bedtime."
265,Frozen - Mixed Vegetables,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,Safal,93.5,110,Frozen Vegetables,4.1,"A packet of Safal frozen mixed vegetables is what you need after a hard day's work when you want to spend a minimum amount of time cooking. The vegetables are peeled and finely diced into small pieces, and they are frozen when fresh using the revolutionary individual quick freezing technique. This helps preserve the nutritional content and flavour of the vegetables."
266,Masala - Kitchen,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Aachi,29.7,33,Blended Masalas,5,"Kitchen King Masala is a perfect multi-utility blend to add taste and colour to of your gravy dishes in a very tasty. The masala Works magic even when used in Paneer Butter Masala Egg-Curry, Veg. Kofta and manyMore"
267,Mustard/Sasive/Rai - Big,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,bb Royal,30,50,Whole Spices,4.2,"Mustards are an integral part of the kitchen spices. Used mainly for seasoning in any Indian dish. Releases a wonderful aroma making the dish taste perfect and making it look complete. Be it chutneys or dhoklas or curries, mustard seeds are a must. You can add this mustard to any Indian curry to enhance its taste. Use it with other spices as part of your spice-mix or make a paste for everyday use."
268,Ayurvedic Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Chandrika ,230.4,288,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.4,"Chandrika has been the beauty secret of millions of women over the world. Today, it is one of the most trusted brands in South India, with its pure ayurvedic ingredients known to cure skin problems and give a clear and flawless skin, naturally. Made with the purest coconut oil and best of ayurvedic herbs, Chandrika is safe and effective."
269,"Glass Matt Finish Bottle With Plastic Cap - Blue, BB1324","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,DP,169,309,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"Keep yourself hydrated by carrying this smart-looking bottle whenever stepping out from the house. The glass body offers excellent finishing with enough durability and strength. It comes with a holder strap, which allows you to hold with much ease and convenience. This bottle can fit anywhere and is designed to slip into your office bag, purse or sports bag, as this bottle takes up minimal space."
270,Perfume - Youth Dew EDP Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Estee Lauder,3500,3500,Eau De Parfum,3.5,"Top notes are aldehydes, orange, spices, peach, bergamot, narcissus and lavender	 middle notes are cinnamon, cassia, orchid, jasmine, cloves, ylang-ylang, rose, lily-of-the-valley and spicy notes	 base notes are tolu balsam, peru balsam, amber, patchouli, musk, vanilla, oakmoss, vetiver and incense. Fragrance Type- Oriental Spicy  For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"		
271,Cotton Swabs,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Tulips,109,109,Cotton & Ear Buds,4,"Cotton swabs consist of a small wad of cotton wrapped around one or both ends of a short rod, usually made of either wood For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
272,Organic Idly - Oats,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,125,125,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.5,"Oats are rich in fibre and minerals. Oats is presented in a convenient form and adopted in a south Indian breakfast style. Rich in antioxidants, oats lowers the cholesterol level and improves blood sugar control. Oatmeal is very filling and it helps to lose weight. Certified organic products are only used to make this product."
273,Red Curry,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Real Thai,270,270,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",4.4,"Real Thai Red Curry with Vegetables is ready to cook meal packet. You just need to cook or microwave it and it can be served with Real Thai Jasmine Rice. Benefits 1. Made with all-natural ingredients. 2. Tasty and healthy, it's ready to eat product."
274,Hareli Kitchen Jar,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,409,502,Glassware,3.5,"These Pasabahce glass jars are made from high- quality glass raw material. The capacity of these jars is 635 ml each. These are airtight in nature & featured with 100% clarity, extra strong, heavy bottom, freezer safe, no sharp edges, no wobbling, odorless & also dish washer safe. These are ideal for storing snacks, pulses & other food articles."
275,Heavy Starch - Lemon Fresh Scent,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Faultless,285,285,Imported Cleaners,4.5,Faultless Heavy Strach Lemon Fresh sprays on consistently with its button technology. It helps maintain your shits clean. Appear professional and fresh all the day. It makes ironing simpler and with no clogging thanks to its expert formula. It can be used on all washable garments.
276,United Dreams Go Far Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,United Colors Of Benetton ,1330,1900,Eau De Toilette,5,"The new men's fragrance from the United Dreams collection is dedicated to any man who loves letting loose and living in the moment. Fresh and energetic, this perfume perfectly embodies a strong and brave attitude. Its vitality is expressed via marine and lime features that combine with hints of cardamom, lavender and lotus spices. A mix that is intensified by dashes of musk, cedarwood, and amber."
277,Ayurvedic Jamun Powder,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Meghdoot,60,60,Ayurveda,3.5,"Meghdoot's Jamun Powder is an ayurvedic remedy which helps in controlling blood sugar level. This helps in controlling diabetes and also helps in regulating carbohydrate metabolism, stomach related disorders such as indigestion and constipation can also be relieved by its use. It is made using herbal formulation that it is safe to use. It helps to manage cholesterol levels in the body."
278,So Soft 2 Ply Face Tissue Box,Cleaning & Household,"Disposables, Garbage Bag",Origami,140,140,"Paper Napkin, Tissue Box",4.1,"Origami presents premium imported tissues which are highly absorbent and soft. These multipurpose tissues can be used in your workplace, home and even while you are traveling. These tissues are made using virgin fiber to deliver superior quality and hygiene. They are soft and absorbent, and also made from recycled material from regenerative forest sources. So every time you use one of the tissues, you do so without impacting the environment. So go ahead and pull away! For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÃ‚ https://bigbasket.blog/"
279,"Pomegranate - Single Serve, Peeled",Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,34,42.5,"Cut Fruit, Tender Coconut",3.5,"We've eliminated the messy step of removing the peel of pomegranate. Savour the luscious seeds without any effort through Fresho's pomegranates. With ruby color and an intense, floral, sweet-tart flavour, the pomegranate delivers both taste and beauty. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1229/pomegranate-cooler/"
280,Stevia Spoonable - Powder,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,So Sweet,320,320,Exotic Sugar & Salt,3.9,"So Sweet Stevia Powder is made of 100% natural Zero calorie sweetener and in the best and healthiest alternative to sugar and artificial sweeteners. So Sweet Stevia Powder can be used in beverages or can be used for cooking, boiling or baking. It contains no calories, no carbohydrates, no artificial ingredients and it doesn't have bitterness or aftertaste. It is a verified Non-GMO product and is safe for diabetics. 100% natural extraction process of sweetener is done using only water."
281,Ylang Ylang Essential Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aloe Veda,351,390,Aromatherapy,3,"This Ylang ylang flower is an aphrodisiac and its flowers are strewn on the beds of Indonesian newlyweds. This Essential Oil relaxes, reduces muscle tension and is a good antidepressant and leaves you in a state of euphoria. It has been traditionally used as an aphrodisiac, and is supportive for conditions of over- excitation and temper. Used in hair preparations to promote thick and shiny hair, also to add luster to skin."
282,Toor/Arhar Dal,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,bb Popular,128,160,"Toor, Channa & Moong Dal",3.5,"Toor Dal is not only delicious but also has nutritional value. It contains a good amount of fiber. Toor dal is an excellent source of nutrients and plant protein, and it also contains dietary fiber. In essence, legumes are nutritional though they represent a low-fat and low-cholesterol alternative. Legumes such as toor dal provide essential nutrients, fiber and protein for vegetarians. Toor dal rich in protein, vitamins and iron is often served with rich spices over rice and Rotis."
283,Peristaltic Nipple - 'S' Hole,Baby Care,Feeding & Nursing,Pigeon Baby,99,99,Sippers & Bottles,3.5,"This nipple is of perfect shape and size to fit into the sucking fossa of the baby. The inner vertical lines make it collapse-resistant and the textured surface allows the baby to latch on easily. It is 100% silicone nipple, super soft and flexible, allows natural and smooth tongue movement. The air ventilation system reduces intake of gas, which is the potential cause of colic."
284,Fragrance Body Spray - Cool Blue,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Park avenue,159.5,290,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"Cool Blue opens with oceanic cool fresh notes that shall remind you of a beach vacation, powered by a combination of spicy clove with citrusy lemon. Nice fruity heart blended with the heavy woody character helps to hold the fragrance for a long time on the body.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
285,Vitamin C Brightening Peel Off Mask,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,StBotanica,499,499,Face Care,3.5,"St. Botanica Vitamin C Brightening Peel Off Face Mask is a luxurious blend of vitamin C and premium plant extracts for whitening and brightening your complexion. It is an effective product to detoxify the skin, nourish it and reveal clear glowing skin. The peel-off face mask helps remove the deep-seated dirt trapped in the skin pores. By unclogging the pores, it helps your skin to breath and diminishes breakouts. Vitamins and bioactive constituents of the plant extracts penetrate the skin and nourish the dermis. This helps decrease excess melanin synthesis and gives your skin a lighter appearance. The nutrient-rich face mask also helps in firming the skin. Multiple Benefits of Vitamin C: Vitamin C is blessed with multiple skin-friendly properties. It’s a powerful antioxidant for neutralizing free radicals that damage the skin cells."
286,Almond & Rose Soap Value Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Himalaya,131.2,160,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.3,"Himalaya Almond & Rose Soap combines 10% natural actives to restore the body's water content. This non-greasy soap leaves skin feeling soft, supple and toned. Blended with all natural ingredients such asn Almond Oil and Persian Rose, this body soap deeply penetrates into the skin to hydrate it completely."
287,Yippee Noodles - Magic Masala,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",Sunfeast,61.2,68,Instant Noodles,4.3,"Sunfeast YiPPee! Magic Masala Noodles are sure to make for a quick, tasty and wholesome meal for your kids. Made with the finest ingredients and the goodness of real vegetables, YiPPee!'s delicious mix of Indian spices give it the much loved magical masala taste. Sunfeast YiPPee! comes packed in a unique round block, which ensures you get long, non-sticky and slurpy tasty instant noodles every time. Relish them as a tasty snack in the evening, as a wholesome noodle meal which has the right nutrition and a source of Calcium, Vitamin C, Iron Folic acid and Protein, or for a midnight craving munch - perfect for when you want something quick and tasty."
288,Fields Of Gold Organic Foxtail Millet,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,PRISTINE,90,90,Cereals & Millets,4.5,"Foxtail Millet is traditionally grown food and a storehouse of nutrition – their resilience makes them organic by nature. This is one of the healthiest food options. Rich in high nutritious value, it is good for health."
289,Arrabbiata Tomato Pasta Sauce With Chilli,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Montanini,325,325,Mustard & Cheese Sauces,5,
290,"Wood - Centre Filled Bar Infused With Dark Mousse, Cinnamon & Coffee",Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Fabelle,350,350,Chocolates,4.5,"Experience a unique woody chocolate taste as you bite into delectable dark chocolate shells to discover dark mousse infused with cinnamon and coffee. Handcrafted by Master Chocolatiers, Fabelle Wood has been inspired by the mystical element of nature – Wood. Created with premium ingredients in India, where high-quality cocoa meets premium ingredients – cinnamon and coffee. Relax and unwind as you indulge in this luxurious center-filled dark chocolate bar. The richness of this dark chocolate bar is only elevated with a punch of coffee and spiciness of cinnamon. It evokes a multi-sensorial experience as it teases you with its rich aroma, smooth texture and indulgent taste before hitting you with woody and intense taste. A perfect cure for Monday blues or a mid-day or post-dinner indulgence."
291,Basil Seed Drink - Orange,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Fruitoria,84.15,99,Gourmet Juices & Drinks,3.5,"This refreshing and healthy Basil seed drink is the perfect, healthy drink to quench thirst. Basil seeds are known for their health benefits, which includes, reducing stress, cooling the body and facilitating digestion. The drink can also be enjoyed as an accompaniment for snacks, or as a flavourful thirst quencher."
292,Solution Anti Blackhead/Whitehead Masksheet (Pack of 10),Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,The Face Shop,900,1500,Face Care,3.5,"This basic mask sheet line that provides an honest solution to solve skin troubles, The Solution Pore Care Face Mask by Faceshop is your ultimate beauty saviour! This face mask features a light-as-air sheet that feels soft and weightless on skin. The serum containing ingredients that provide pore care properties that help achieve a stunning texture. Bye bye, bad skin! It is enriched with rich essentials to help achieve smooth and healthy skin. This product is dermatologically tested and created to give you a gorgeous Korean beauty experience. Beauty treasure for millions around the globe, Faceshop is a South-Korea based skincare line that provides fabulous goodies for your beauty rituals. Ranging affordable high-quality products born from botany, this sensational brand believes in creating products that stem from a lovely concept of Science meets Beauty."
293,Acno Fight Pimple Clearing Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Garnier Men,104.3,149,Face & Body,3.3,Garnier Men Pimple Clearing Pen is an S.O.S pimple product that fights pimple-causing bacteria and has a lightweight gel formula. Garnier Men is India's No. 1 Men's Face Wash Brand.
294,Pork Classic Salami,"Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",La Carne,191.25,225,Pork & Ham,3.5,"At La Carne, we take pride in offering products of high quality. La Carne brings to you the authentic taste of premium Imported Pork Products. Quick Freezing technology used to preserve all the goodness and freshness inside. Made with best of European Pork meat, which is lean with low fat. Pork Salami is the mildly flavoured and integral part of any breakfast."
295,Gold Flash - Mosquito Repellent Combo Machine & Refill,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Good knight,226.16,257,Mosquito Repellent,4.3,"Goodknight Gold Flash is India’s Most Powerful Liquid Vapouriser. It consists of a mosquito repellent cartridge (refill) and clip-on electronic machine. This vapouriser system is powered by Gold Flash technology which has 2 modes - Flash and Normal Mode. Use Flash Mode when there are more mosquitoes, and Normal Mode when there are fewer mosquitoes. Visible powerful Flash vapours instantly spread across the room and drive away mosquitoes, even the hidden ones. Flash mode releases visible vapours for 30 minutes every 4 hours."
296,Stainless Steel Airtight Storage Container - SL-1401,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Steel Lock,209,269,Steel Storage Containers,3.7,"Stainless Steel Special Airtight Containers uses silicon which keeps food items fresh longer and has all 4 sides locks to prevent spills. It is ideal to carry meals/fruits or any food items to work, travel, school, college outing etc."
297,Organic Idly Podi - Ginger,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,75,75,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.9,"This is a Ginger flavour Idly Podi that can be had with Idli, Dosa or Adai/Cheela. Ginger helps in digestion. It contains gingerol, a substance with medicinal properties, that can treat many forms of nausea. The anti-inflammatory effects of ginger can help with osteoarthritis, treat chronic indigestion and help fight infections. Certified organic products are only used."
298,Whisky Cocktail Mixers - 100% Natural,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Swa Artisanal Syrups,1200,1200,Gourmet Juices & Drinks,3.5,"Swa Artisanal Syrups Lychee Lemon Syrup - Makes 8-10 Drinks 250 ml +Swa Artisanal Syrups Orange Mint Syrup - Makes 8-10 Drinks 250 ml + Swa Artisanal Syrups Passion Fruit Tea Syrup - Makes 8-10 Drinks 250 ml + Swa Artisanal Syrups Pineapple Bird's Eye Chili Syrup - Makes 8-10 Drinks 250 ml 100% Natural Syrups. Make easy mocktails, cocktails, iced teas, craft coffees or drizzle over your pancakes or yoghurt. Made with Real Fruits, Herbs and Spices. No added preservatives, colours or artificial flavours. Swa Artisanal Syrups are hand-crafted by women. 250 ml syrups are shipped in sustainable Glass bottles. Each 250 ml syrup bottle makes 8-10 mocktails or 12-15 cocktails. Thus each glass of a complex restaurant-style cocktail will cost only Rs 30! Shelf life is 4 months unopened from Mfg date, refrigerate after opening and use within a month."
299,Family Sunscreen Lotion SPF 25,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR ,273,420,Face Care,1,"Family Sunscreen SPF 25 is an innovative sun protection lotion for the entire family {safe for kids too} with a cream base that protects with advanced broad spectrum. It provides an ultra-light and non-shiny finish.It is non-comedogenic, non-irritant, water resistant and can be used as a base before makeup. It contains the goodness of Aloe Vera - that is a natural UV inhibitor with a hydrating effect, Benzophenone 3 - provides UVB protection, Carrot extracts - an anti-inflammatory that soothes chapped and uncomfortable skin, retains moisture in the skin, Ethylexyl Methoxycinnamate - provides protection from UVB rays, Butyl Mehoxydibenzalemethane - protects from UVA rays, Honey - an anti-oxidant that protects from sun damage, Liquorice - prevents tan and brings fairness, Sandalwood - anti-inflammatory and natural sunscreen."
300,Japanese Cooking Rice-Wine,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Urban Platter,475,500,Flavoured & Other Oils,1,"Urban Platter Japanese Cooking Rice-Wine, 500ml [all natural & traditional cooking rice wine seasoning] contains water, rice, corn syrup, alcohol, rice koji. It adds sheen to foods. It is made from short-grain rice and glutinous rice, and then sweetened. Urban Platter - simply good food"
301,Coated Green Peas - Wasabi,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Cornitos,93.5,110,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.1,"The Wasabi Coated Green Peas has a smooth & delicate flavours that will make you come back for more. They are generously coated in a flavoursome batter, an added bonus to an already addictive snack. When you're hungry and in a hurry, reach for one of these quick, easy and nutritious snack. The product is highly rich in fibre and proteins. It is also 100% vegeterian and cholestrol free which makes it a super healthy snack to munch on at any time of the day! It is also made with premium quality ingredients so that you dont have to compromise with taste and quality."
302,Charminar Basmati Rice/Basmati Akki - Select,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,Kohinoor,399,569,Basmati Rice,3.9,"Charminar Select Basmati Rice is a tribute to the rich flavours of Nizami cuisine. Its long and delicate grains are processed with the expertise to preserve their distinct aroma and exceptional flavour ensuring that every dish you cook has the touch of royalty. So, go ahead and make something that will be remembered forever."
303,Hide & Seek Choco Rolls,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Parle,37.5,50,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4.3,"First of its kind chocolate chip cookies in India, Hide & Seek was launched in 1996 - best known today for its rich chocolaty experience. Available in Chocolate chip and Caffe Mocha flavours."
304,"Hair Fall Control Kit - Oil, Shampoo & Serum",Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Dr Batra's,630,1050,Shampoo & Conditioner,5,"Dr Batra’s Hair Fall Control Kit contains products that prevent hair fall and strengthen roots resulting in thicker, stronger and fuller Hair. Dr Batra’s Hair Fall Control Kit contains Hairfall Control Oil, Hairfall Control Shampoo and Hair fall control Serum."
305,"Anti-Acne Face Cleanser - With Salyclic Acid, For Oily Skin",Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Bombay Shaving Company,236,295,Face & Body,3,"A deep cleansing formulation with anti-bacterial properties for complete and balanced skincare for acne-prone skin. Removes dust, pollution and excess oil without leaving your skin dry. Contains Salicylic acid, Vitamin C, Enriched Pea protein, Acai extracts and Wheat protein. Paraben and Sulphate free."
306,Gluten-Free Moong Dal Cheela/Dosa Mix,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Graminway,259,259,Flours & Pre-Mixes,4.2,"Graminway Protein Daal Cheela is a power-packed cheela made of healthy moong dal and flavoured with natural spices. At Graminway, we believe that everyone deserves to live a full and healthy life. The intake of our food supplements will provide a good foundation for a healthy lifestyle. We are committed to providing the highest quality products at an affordable price. We are a company with a purpose beyond profit and want to make a lasting difference in the World. We aim to provide clean, natural, and healthy products without compromising on the flavours and taste. We produce them in small batches, which helps maintain freshness and preserve the ingredient texture. By not stockpiling, each product is as fresh as possible when it reaches your doorstep."
307,Milk Boiler - Aluminium,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Le Kaviraj,549,732,Cook And Serve,2.5,This milk pan is ideal for heating milk and making tea. The sleek pan is highly durable and is easy to cook and clean. So go grab this cookware to make your cooking an easy fun job. It helps you keep your food tasty yet healthy.
308,"Green Tea - Pure, Bio-Degradable",Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Tealia,297,297,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"A selection of carefully crafted, finely balanced pure Ceylon artisan tea blends, Tealia provides customers with the highest quality of natural Ceylon green tea."
309,Cube Storage Glass Jar,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Treo,249,370,Containers Sets,4.4,"Treo by Milton is synonymous with elegant and utilitarian glassware, handpicked from the finest furnaces in the world. Created with the perfect cuts to suit Indian tastes, these glass items are made to keep your guests talking while being functional additions to your home. These square-shaped jars from Treo by Milton allow you to store any item for kitchen use. This transparent jar from Treo by Milton offers you a direct and unobstructed view of what it holds inside. The clarity of the glass makes it look appealing as well. The unique square shape of the compact jar allows you to store it conveniently on any shelf without wasting any space. You can easily pack multiple units on a single shelf to utilise every corner. The threaded lid allows a secure closure that is resistant to leakage. The steel-finish framing around the lid offers a classy look."
310,M1 Perfume Spray - For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Engage,231,420,Men's Deodorants,4.3,"Engage M1 Perfume Spray for Men. It has the fragrance of fresh citrus and spice that gives you long lasting aroma. It gives you protection against bad odour for a long time. The spray is easy to use and apply. It keeps you feeling fresh all day long. It accompanies all the occasions be it a party, a business meeting or a date. Strike an impression with this spray."
311,Tulsi Mulethi Green Tea,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Karma Kettle,300,300,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"A stress-relieving tea that will leave you energized and refreshed. This immunity-boosting tea helps keep common cough and cold at bay, improves digestion and is a natural mood uplifter. Enjoy the goodness of a certified organic tea.A delightful herbal aroma and taste of warm tulsi layered with sweet notes. Licorice adds a sweet touch to the finish."
312,Nicer Dicer,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,IRICH,475,1195,Choppers & Graters,2.6,"Irich 12 in 1 Nicer Dicer made with High Grade ABS plastic material. It ideals with all kind of vegetable and fruit. It is a fastest, safest and easiest way to chop or dice fruits, vegetables & more. It is easy and very convenient to use. It is made of high quality stainless steel blade. Ideal for Potato, Onion, Carrots, Cucumber, Pineapple, Apple and many more fruits and vegetables, manual chopper. Salient Features ABS Plastic, Heavy duty & long life, Easy for fitting, Stainless Steel blade, Easy to use and clean"
313,Masala - Punjabi Chhole,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Tata Sampann,28.05,33,Blended Masalas,4.3,"Made of select varieties of Naturally Rich ingredients and with the formulation of Chef Sanjeev Kapoor, Tata Sampann masalas add mouthwatering taste to your food."
314,"Pork - Fresh Bacon, Sliced","Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Fresho Signature,360,400,Pork & Ham,3.5,Casanova Bacon Sliced (Fresh) is a premium-quality bacon. The lean slices of pork are cured and slowly smoked over Applewood chips for up to 24 hours. Manufactured at Spain. Packed as per Customer requirement. Not a standard pack under weights & Measurement Guidelines. Consume within 05 days from date of Packing. Store in refrigerator at or below 05 degree C in an airtight container.
315,Active Salt Toothpaste Saver Pack 300g + Sensitive Soft Bristles Toothbrush 4pcs,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,149.72,258,Toothpaste,3.5,"Colgate Active Salt Toothpaste - Saver Pack 300 gColgate Active Salt is an anti-cavity toothpaste with the goodness of salt and minerals which help fight germs. Refreshing minty flavour gives fresher breath when used as directed for oral hygiene. Colgate Active unique formula helps fight germs and provide you with healthier and cleaner teeth. Brush twice a day with Colgate Active Salt toothpaste as recommended by dentists. Colgate is India No. 1 brand recommended by Dentists and offers unique oral hygiene solutions to ensure complete protection against germs and plague build-up.Colgate Sensitive Soft Bristles Toothbrush 4 pcsColgate Comfort Sensitive, Soft Bristles Toothbrush, with soft curved bristles, provides deep yet gentle mouth clean. The silky soft bristles for sensitive teeth and gums gently clean your mouth."
316,Silicone Feeding Nipple/Teat Regular Neck - Size XL,Baby Care,Feeding & Nursing,Vauva,150,150,Nursing Tools,3.5,"Regual Neck Nipple with anti colic valves, it is recommended for the first days of baby's life. Different flow rates are also available."
317,"Microwaveable Plastic Multiutility Bowl - Yellow, New Coral, L2272 YL","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Princeware,29,38,Containers Sets,3.6,"It is made of high-quality food grade virgin plastic. These bowls come in beautiful bright colours. Store fruits, dry fruits, snacks, biscuits etc. in these bowls. These coral bowls are microwave safe, easy to clean and maintain."
318,Chicken Jalapeno Cheese Nuggets,"Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Meatzza,285,300,Chicken Sausages,3.5,"Boneless chicken meat, formed, batter-coated & breadcrumbed. Bite into these mildly spiced cheese nuggets every weekend. Enjoy it with family and friends. Whenever you have Hunger Pangs or you are planning a party you want something quick, open a pack of Meatzza Snackers. Just heat and eat."
319,Milk Delights Face Wash With Honey For Dry Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Nivea,86.4,90,Face Care,4.2,"Presenting New Nivea Milk Delights Face Wash which has the goodness of milk proteins and moisturising honey. Formulated specifically for the dry skin, it gives you healthy-looking skin. It cleans the face from within making it healthy and dirt-free."
320,Instaglow Oxygen Bleach,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Vlcc,63,70,Face Care,4.1,"Its unique gas flushing action and exclusive formula release oxygen, which thoroughly cleanse the skin, unblocking the clogged pores, thus providing an instant fairness & radiance. Pre-bleach cream conditions skin and protects skin from irritation caused by after bleaching. Vlcc Insta Glow Herbal Bleach Pack is made from all the herbal ingredients making it the best product for your skin."
321,Soft Drink - Lime Flavoured,Beverages,Energy & Soft Drinks,Sprite,38,40,Cold Drinks,4.3,"Sprite is a clear lime drink truly meant to quench your thirst & refresh you since 1999. Now, do not confuse thirst with anything else under the sky! Its not your agony aunt but just a drink that refreshes you. Be it summers or winters, Sprite will always keep you refreshed. It has true feelings for your thirst. Believe it! Its crisp lemon-lime taste makes you feel like you have just stepped out of a cold shower. Clear Hai? You can not drink this refreshing Sprite by just looking at the page so Buy Now!"
322,Coffee Creamer - Coffee-Mate,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Nestle ,425,425,Coffee & Pre-Mix,3.5,"Nescafe Coffee-mate creamer will help make your cup of coffee, even richer, smoother, and creamier to help you kick start your day on the right note. This creamer is the ideal substitute for milk, which is easy to store or carry along. The Original Rich And Deliciously Creamy Non-Dairy Creamer. Coffee-Mate Is Perfect Anytime You Want To Enjoy A Velvety-Smooth Cup Of Coffee."
323,Royce Premium High Quality Pedal Plastic Dustbin / Garbage Bin - Blue,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,MVS,219,265,Dustbins,2.8,"Elegant looking and light- weight, it is ideal for disposal of dry and wet garbage. Its smooth pedal ensures hands-free use, easy to clean and wash."
324,Khaas Shampoo Bar - Heena Amla,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Stonesoup,295,295,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"Easy to use a bar with conditioner with zero waste and no non-sense, no sulphates, parabens and no plastic packaging. Unlike commercially made soaps, our soaps are passionately handcrafted with natural ingredients chunks of goodness that your scalp & hair would absolutely love & want more! Along with beautiful hair, these handmade soaps leave you with a sense of pride. Amla: Strengthens hair, prevents premature greying, controls dandruff. Heena: Deep conditioner, moisturises, enhance shine and makes hair silky. Coconut cream- Good hair conditioner making hair manageable. Aloe vera: Controls dandruff"
325,Bubble Glass,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Seven seas,789,1041,Glassware,3.5,"This glass is 20% more resistant and is ideal for drinking water, juice, cold-drinks, whisky etc. Durobor glasses are made in Belgium and are handblown glasses."
326,Dazzle Livid Lilac Dinner Set - White,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Cello,1229,1895,Dinner Sets,3.8,"Tableware that is infused with beauty and strength, charming dishes, gaily patterned in colourful new designs serve every purpose. Cello Opalware is produced in the most advanced state-of-the-art manufacturing facility using German Technology. Cello Opalware has beguiling designs delicately poised between fantasy and fiction. Tableware that is infused with beauty and strength, charming dishes, gaily patterned in colourful new designs serve every purpose. Bacteria free-non porous and hygienic for your family. 100 percent vegetarian with bone ash free and made of green material. Thermal resistant, no cracks on heating food in the microwave from refrigerator and stackable. It's a break, chip and scratch-resistant product made for everyday use. It is fully tempered up to 3X stronger, recyclable, easy to clean."
327,Dhanwantharam Kwath,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Kerala Ayurveda,140,140,Ayurveda,3.5,"Dhanwantharam Kwath is an Ayurveda formulation that helps relieve Vata disorders and postnatal difficulties in women. Dhanwantharam Kwath helps reduce the symptoms associated with degenerating diseases, rheumatic complaints, trauma, etc. It also proves beneficial in vaginal complaints, painful micturition and helps restore natural strength after delivery."
328,Suzzan Glass Bottle With Blue Cap,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Treo,290,290,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"Glass has almost zero rates of chemical interaction thus ensures strength, aroma and flavour. Exclusive airtight, leak resistant lid safeguards from spoilage and bacteria.It is ideal for storing milk, juice, water, lassi, cold coffee etc. Treo by Milton is synonymous with elegant and utilitarian glassware, handpicked from the finest furnaces in the world. Created with the perfect cuts to suit Indian tastes, these glass items are made to keep your guests talking while being functional additions to your home. Treo has the largest assortment of storage products for all needs. We have everything from stylish bottles in various shapes to suit your style to a large variety of fridge containers, jars and canisters."
329,Henko Detergent Bar - Stain Care 250 gm + Mr. White Detergent Powder 1 kg Pouch,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,bb Combo,87,95,Detergent Bars,3.5,"Henko Stain Champion Bar is a detergent bar that even eradicates dry, tough stains from laundry. Powered by German technology with Oxygen Power, it completely removes even deep down hard stains like dried up oil and stubborn dirt on collars and cuffs.Mr White detergent powder guarantees superb washing, snowy white clothes and assists boost your assurance by providing spotless clean clothes. Mr White detergent plays an important part in aiding us to look good by giving greater white clean clothes. It aids provide whiter and brighter clothes."
330,Tea - English Breakfast,Beverages,Tea,Typhoo,166,195,Tea Bags,4.5,"Typhoo English Breakfast tea is a traditional and unique blend of Assam orthodox and CTC teas. Created by our master blenders, this tea is famous world over for its rich taste, bright liquor with strengh& aroma to match. This malty, classic tea with oaky undertones is the perfectcompanion with breakfast and a refershing delight to enjoy, any time of the day."
331,Rolled Oats - Gluten Free + Gluten Free - Steel Cut Oats (each 500 g),Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,True Elements,352,400,Oats & Porridge,3.5,"Rolled Oats 500g True Elements brings to you Rolled Oats that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. These are lightly processed whole-grain food. Before being rolled into flat flakes under heavy rollers and then stabilized by being lightly toasted. It is rich in protein, fibre and is an excellent source of Vitamin B Complex and iron. It is the healthiest grain. Cook it with milk or water and add fruits or veggies for your choice. This makes a perfect healthy breakfast."
332,"Wafer Roll - Twister, Black With Vanilla Flavoured Cream",Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Delfi,275,275,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",3.5,"Delfi Wafer Rolls are crispy and crunchy wafer sticks wrapped around delicious vanilla cream filling, which are a favourite amongst children and adults. It is an ideal snack to pack for school, to relished on-the-go or to savour as a midday snack. They are made using vegetarian ingredients only."
333,Steel Cut Oats,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,NUTRIWISH,650,650,Oats & Porridge,3.5,"Nutriwish seeks to help you achieve a healthy and active life that you wish to lead, by delivering nutrition suited to your needs. we deliver an eclectic range of nutritious superfoods from across the world to bring out the super you in you. Nutriwish100% Steel Cut Oats are an excellent source of dietary fibre such as beta-glucan which helps in weight management by suppressing hunger pangs. Steel cut oats have a lower GI than instant oats. They are rich in antioxidants called Avenanthramides. Steel cut oats deliver B vitamins and plenty of iron, magnesium and selenium and can be easily be incorporated into weight management plans."
334,Zucchini - Green,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,50,62.5,Exotic Vegetables,3.5,"Zucchini is a long, slender, cucumber like green vegetable that is also called squash. The green variant has a firm flesh and a mild flavour. Do not forget to check out our delicious recipe-https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1933/quinoa-with-vegetables/"
335,Green Sliced Olives,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Habit,180,200,"Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin",4,"Habit Green Olives are hand-picked and cured when they are fresh. They are generally treated by soaking in a solution of salt and water to make them less bitter. It has a brilliant flavour, feel and colour."
336,Ready To Eat - Khatta Meetha Poha,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,MTR,60,60,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.1,Breakfast in a cup.Granish with fresh coriander and boiled Lemon wedge.
337,Roasted Soyanuts - Wasabi,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",FabBox,185,185,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.5,"WARNING: Having this snack on a daily basis can make you addicted to health and yumminess! Vegetarians have always relied on paneer and soya as their sources of protein, even though none of these are generally available as a munchable snack. But no more! We've jazzed up soya and made it hot spicy with some tangy, wasabi flavour! The result is just impeccable, and we ourselves can't resist having a handful in the office during team meetings! :p It's also especially great to add to your bhel and chaats to make them crunchier and zingier."
338,Radiance Boost Orange Aroma Mask,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Organic Harvest,112.5,125,Face Care,2.5,"Uplift the skin freshness with the Radiance Boost Organic Serum Mask. The oatmeal extract helps absorb natural skin oils and gives the skin a clean look. Aloe Vera is a great antioxidant and protects the skin from oxidative damages thus encouraging a radiant and natural glow. Aloe vera extract aids in locking in the moisture and gives the skin a radiant glow. Due to the exfoliating properties of yoghurt, the skin is transformed from being dry and dull to lighter and softer. Rich in vitamin B, keeps skin glowing and hydrated and aids in regeneration. The cheerful and uplifting fragrance of orange adds to the radiance by uplifting your mood."
339,Muffin/Cup Cake Vanilla 200 g + Choco Chip 200 g (Pack of 4 each),"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Cakes & Pastries,Fresho Signature,318,318,Muffins & Cup Cakes,3.5,"Fresho Signature Muffin/Cup Cake - Vanilla 200 g (Pack of 4) Moist and delicious in flavours of vanilla. Enjoy it with family and friends. It is ideal for bonding over tea. A good muffin is ideal for tea time. The muffins are fresh and true to their brand name. Made with premium quality ingredients, the taste is surely going to tame your tastebuds. Enjoy this sweet delight and say bye to small hunger pangs. Fresho Signature Muffin/Cup Cake - Choco Chip 200 g (Pack of 4) These classic muffins have a delicious twist: chocolate chips, instant coffee and a crunchy brown topping. They are great first thing in the morning or served as a coffee break snack. Made with premium quality ingredients, the taste is surely going to tame your tastebuds. Enjoy this sweet delight and say bye to small hunger pangs."
340,Masala Oats - Veggie Twist,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Saffola,180,195,Oats & Porridge,4.2,"Saffola Masala Oats has a burst of flavours and are made from 100% natural wholegrain oats along with real vegetables and the choicest of masalas. Eating Saffola Masala Oats as part of your daily routine is not just fantastically healthy and delicious, but also requires minimal effort for preparation ready in 3 minutes. It satisfies the cravings for those savoury flavours as a breakfast cereal or during different times of the day."
341,Sunscreen Cream - Sunblock Anti Aging SPF UV 60,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Soft Touch,475,475,Face Care,4.5,"Excellent for Sensitive Oily and combination skin types as well as universally accepted for skin of any colour, Soft Touch Perfect Sunblock SPF 60 provides up to 60 times the protection to the bare skin and physical barrier against UVA/UVB and Infrared rays to prevent Sunburn, Skin damage, freckling and uneven colouration. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
342,Sunblock Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Magic ,178.5,210,Face Care,4.1,"100 % free of oxybenzone, paraben, harsh chemicals, alcohol and artificial fragrance. My all-mineral, ultra effective formula creates a physical barrier between you and the sun. Non-greasy, skin friendly and enriched with carrot seed, wheat germ and jojoba oils. They provide natural sun safety, Vitamins B5, C, E and prevent visible signs of ageing. Notes of helichrysum, calendula and roman chamomile essential oils heal scars and mattify your skin. The non-nano Zinc Oxide in me is a mineral reflector found in nature that scatters harmful rays. Green tea extracts promote elasticity and provide smart sun protection."
343,Copper Water Fliptop Bottle - Stripes,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Frestol,549,1299,Copper Utensils,2.4,"Frestol sipper bottle Sipper is made of pure copper. Drinking water stored in copper bottles is strongly recommended by Science and Ayurveda because water stored in a copper bottle is loaded with anti-oxidants. Just fill this bottle and leave it for a minimum 3 hours, best if kept overnight as the water gets copper properties and its benefits during this time. Copper kills undesirable bacteria and germs and gets water charged with the health-benefiting qualities of copper. It is recommended to drink the water at room temperature, experts say that drinking from a copper water bottle on a regular basis, especially early in the morning, can make a significant difference to health."
344,For Men Evolution Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Jaguar,1900.8,3300,Eau De Toilette,3.5,"Bergamot, mint, orange and basil open the composition and with the fresh, aromatic start announce a blend of clary sage, cardamom, apple and lavender in the heart. Base notes cuddle and warm us subtly with amber, sandalwood and musk"
345,"Long & Black Shampoo - With Goodness Of Amla & Bhringraj, For Shiny, Black Hair",Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Dabur Vatika,171,190,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.2,"New Dabur Vatika Naturals Long & Black Shampoo, with the goodness of Satt Poshan Seven Natural Ingredients – Amla, Bhringaraj, Shikakai, Reetha, Black Olive, Almond, Reetha. The shampoo with seven natural ingredients helps to maintain shiny smooth hair, providing gentle cleansing, conditioning and nourishment to hair."
346,Toothpaste - Complete Care,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Neem,65,80,Toothpaste,4.3,"Neems anti-bacterial properties make it natures most effective germ fighter. Neem Active Complete Care Toothpaste with the naturally enriched power of neem helps preveny cavities, bleeding gums and inflammation. Its unique formulation combined with mint ensures fresh breath for hours. Use daily for strong healthy gums."
347,Olive Oil - Pomace,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Oleiva Gold,3330,3330,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",3.5,Premium quality Olive oil from selected hand picked Olives from Spain.
348,Glass Set - Solo Shot Bar,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Ocean,579,888,Glassware,3.5,"Ocean Solo Shot Bar Glass - Set of TwelveIf you are planning to throw your birthday party at home then serve your favorite wine or other alcohol in this specially designed Ocean Solo Shot Bar Glass Set. Made of fine quality glass material, these votive style twelve shot bar glasses are freezer and dishwasher-safe. Smart design with a dimension of 3 x 2 x 3 inches lets you enjoy a satisfactory quantity of neat alcohol at a time."
349,Bonacure Conditioner - Repair Rescue,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Schwarzkopf Professional,900,900,Shampoo & Conditioner,5,"Schwarzkopf Professional Bonacure Repair Rescue Conditioner is a light conditioner that will mildly replenish your damaged hair without weighing it down. It strengthens hair from its roots making them more elastic. It is ideal for damaged, porous, over processed hair. The best conditioner to keep your hair healthy and good looking.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
350,Vegan Chipotle Mayo - Dairy-Free,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Urban Platter,332.5,350,Salad Dressings,3.4,"Rich mayo with a smoky kick of chilli and red paprika, it's a savoury mixture of spicy, cool, earthy, and smoky flavours that become an excellent spread for burgers, or a dip for fries, chips, and veggies. Build a delicious sandwich, potato salad, or the freshest, savoury sauces and dressings. Vegan Chipotle Mayo is India's first 100% vegan and non-dairy mayo. It is trans-fat free and palm oil free.Urban Platter - Simply Good Food! :)"
351,Blueberry,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,330,418.75,Exotic Fruits,3.5,"Plump, smooth-skinned and indigo coloured perfect little globes of juicy berries have mostly sweet and slightly tart flavour. We have imported this fine quality, delicious tasting variety of blueberries. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/564/blueberry-mousse/"
352,"Oregano - Organic, USDA Certified",Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Geo-Fresh,99,99,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",4.2,"Geo Fresh presents their healthy and nutritious range of organic Ayurvedic ingredients which are packed with essential nutrients that are bound to boost your immunity, leave you energised and provide you with all the health benefits you need that require you to go on for a healthy living. The impressive health benefits of Oregano include its ability to protect the immune system, prevent the onset of chronic disease, improve digestion, detoxify the body, strengthen the bones, improve heart health, increase energy levels, and even protect against diabetes."
353,Chunky Salsa - Mild,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Cornitos,140.25,165,"Hummus, Cheese, Salsa Dip",3.5,"All natural, juicy red tomatoes, jalapenos, onion/garlic, bell peppers, no MSG"
354,Multigrain Energy Bar - Nuts n Seed,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Yoga bar,40,40,Cereal & Granola Bars,4,"Yogabar's Energy Bars contain a nutrient dense primary ingredient that is generally whole grains, nuts or seeds. The bar contains 25 - 30% Whole grains & complex carbs, derived from Brown rice, Oats, Buckwheat, etc. 10 - 15% Nuts, that is generally Almonds, Cashews or Peanuts, as they provide all round more protein and fiber. Lastly, it contains 10 - 15% Seeds, which are generally Flax, Chia, Sunflower, etc. The bars contain no corn syrup, artificial sweeteners or hydrogenated oils. It also contains no artificial preservatives, as Yoga Bar chooses to focus on the long term health of their consumers, rather than a product that can last years on the shelf."
355,Active Fresh Gel Toothpaste,Beauty & Hygiene,Oraln Care,Himalaya,45,50,Toothpaste,4.3,Himalayas Active Fresh toothpaste is filled with energising herbal ingredients that guarantee long-lasting fresh breath. Menthol is a normal revitalizing agent. Indian Dil prevents mouth odour while Clove and Fennel are efficient natural astringents that tighten gums.
356,Hydro Replenish Radiance Day Crème with SPF 15,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Kaya Youth,104.3,149,Face Care,4.3,"Hydration is a must for skin! With time, our skin cells lose the capacity to retain hydration, leading to dull, tired and dry skin. Kaya Youth Hydro Replenish, enriched with pure Aloe Vera gel is developed by dermatologists and deep hydrates the skin to lock in hydration for upto 24 hours, giving you healthy, radiant skin! Kaya Youth Radiance Day Crème with SPF 15 has a gentle, lightweight formulation and is enriched with Aloe Hydro Lock Complex. SPF 15 protects skin from harmful UV rays and provides everyday sun protection. The pure Aloe Vera gel helps in locking hydration and helps in removing dryness, keeping skin healthy and radiant. For best results apply pure Aloe Vera enriched crème twice to clean face and neck. The day cream is free from paraben and harmful chemicals and is suitable for all skin types."
357,Anti-Hair Fall Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Himalaya,123.5,130,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.2,Anti-Hair Fall Shampoo reduces the hair fall and promotes hair growth. It is a breakthrough 2-in-1 formula that reduces hair fall and provides nourishment to hair shafts. It also conditions and improves your hair texture to reduce hair fall due to breakage. The herbs Butea Frondosa and Bhringaraja stimulate hair follicle growth and are effective in strengthening hair roots and controlling hair fall.
358,"Cereal - Ragi, Rice & Mango With Milk",Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Slurrp Farm,300,300,Organic Baby Food,4,"This cereal is made with Slurrp Farm's Organic Grain Blend consisting of Ragi, Jowar & Rice along with Oats, Organic Brown Sugar and Natural Mango Powder. This super healthy cereal will provide all the essential nutrients to your little ones."
359,Fenugreek/Methi/Menthya,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,bb Popular,18.4,30,Whole Spices,4.1,"Fenugreek is primarily used as a culinary spice. It brings you the finest selection of methi seeds, which are non for their immense health benefits. These seeds are bitter in taste but lose their bitterness when roasted a little. It is loaded with health benefits, the methi seeds are hygienically packed to ensure they retain their natural goodness and aroma. These seeds can also be used in pureed form for hair growth. It also enhances many liver and heart functions and purifies the blood."
360,Hair Spa Oil Therapy,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Prakrta,370.5,390,Hair Oil & Serum,5,"Champi’ (Oil Massage) is a time tested way to give deep nourishment to your scalp and repair hair texture. Our blend is made of pure extra virgin olive oil, virgin coconut oil, cold pressed oils of blackseed and enriched with therapeutic grade essential oils of rosemary, peppermint and lavender that have potent anti-oxidants and vitamins naturally good for hair and scalp health. Essential oils help stimulate blood flow to your scalp and improve the nourishment to the hair follicle and cold-pressed base oils nourish the scalp. We sincerely recommend that you take about half hour on sundays and instead of feeding your scalp and hair chemicals, use our highly nutritive Hair Spa Oil and we are confident you will love the difference."
361,"Sauce - Bhut Jolokia, Sweet Chilli",Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",ENE,168.75,225,Chilli & Soya Sauce,5,Uses Chilli Puree from the Hotest Chilli in Asia
362,Dry Fruit Mixed Chatpata,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Fresho Signature,149,215,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Fresho Signature presents an array of dry fruits apart from the ordinary to give you the best of the best to indulge. Want to try something other than a regular fruit? This sweet and spicy dry fruit mix is a healthy alternative to munch on when hunger strikes. It contains papaya, apple, pineapple, mango, black grape, strawberry, sulphurless sugar, cumin seed, black pepper, black salt, citric acid, cinnamon, asafoetida and ginger powder. Easy to carry, it makes a great snack to keep you going throughout the day. Our spicy candied dry fruit mix is here to be your snack buddy and your healthy sugar high. They are sweetened with sulphurless sugar and liquid glucose and spiced to enhance the zing. There are 0 added preservatives, artificial colour and flavour to retain the original fruit essence and keep it natural and healthy."
363,Organic Coriander Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,24 Mantra,48,48,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.1,"One of the most useful essential oil-bearing, as well as a medicinal plant, is Coriandrum sativum L. Coriander powder/ Kothamalli powder/ Kothamailli podi/ Kothamalli thool/ Kottamalli vitai/Methi powder is good for digestion. 24 Mantra Organic Coriander Powder/ Kothamalli powder/ Kothamailli podi/ Kothamalli thool/ Kottamalli vitai/Methi powder is made from unadulterated, organic coriander seeds. The seeds are cleaned and ground into powder."
364,Stainless Steel Induction Base Tope,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Vinod,399,435,Bowls & Vessels,4.1,"Vinod Introduce 18/8 Stainless Steel Induction Friendly,Ultra Hygienic Pressure Cooker With Long Durable Food Gradable Silicon Gasket."
365,"Adult Cat Food Pocket Tuna 7 kg + Wet Meal Tuna In Jelly, for Adult Cat 1.02 kg","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Whiskas,1986.6,2220,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"High Quality Ingredients Wholegrain Cereals (Corn, Rice, Wheat) - Corn Gluten Meal - Poultry & Poultry By-products - Soy Bean Products (Full-fat Soy Bean, Soy Bean Meal) - Palm Stearin - Ocean Fish - Wheat Flour - Minerals - Iodised Salt - Vitamins - Taurine - Soy Oil - Methionine - Food Colouring -Preservatives - Flavour How to Use Easy-to-open pouch. Whiskas understands what your cat naturally needs and loves. Thats why the Whiskas Wet Meal (Adult - Cat Food) Tuna in Jelly pouches are tasty and contain the same nutrition you have come to expect. Each pouch contains 100 per cent complete and balanced cat food with succulent meaty pieces to help you provide care for your cat"
366,"Pork - Mortadella with Olives, Sliced","Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Fresho Signature,410.4,456,Pork & Ham,3.5,"Dautore Mortadella with Olives is large Italian sausage made of finely hashed or ground, heat-cured pork. It has at least 15% small cubes of pork flavoured with spices and olives, including whole or ground black pepper, myrtle berries. Manufactured at Italy. Packed as per Customer requirement. Not a standard pack under weights & Measurement Guidelines. Consume within 05 days from date of Packing. Store in refrigerator at or below 05 degree C in an airtight container."
367,Andhra Special Allam/Ginger Pickle,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Delight Foods,210,210,Other Veg Pickle,2,"Contains - Andhra Special Allam - Ginger Pickle 250g. Aromatic & spicy accompaniment with your meal. Spicy Masalas & Pickles are a daily affair in Andhra Pradesh. But you need not go to Andhra to explore their tantalizing & spicy pickle recipes. Authentic Andhra Pickles are just a click away. We bring you the most authentic range of Traditional Andhra Pickles, prepared using the finest ingredients & an age-old recipe to ensure the genuine flavour, aroma & texture. Our pickles are manufactured using only natural ingredients & contain no artificial colours, flavours or preservatives. We have the 5 most popular & exciting flavours - Avakaya(Mango), Allam(Ginger), Gongura, Red chilli & Bitter Gourd. Each variant is an ideal blend of the iconic spice & the main ingredient. Enjoy these flavourful pickles at the comfort of your home. Eat it with curd rice, rice sambar, Indian bread, etc. Veg."
368,New Dry Diapers - Medium,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Huggies,388.88,425,Diapers,3.8,One of the most important baby care products that you buy for your baby is diapers. A good quality diaper can help keep your baby comfortable during play as well as sleep time. Choose Huggies New Dry Diapers - these diapers are highly absorbent and help in keeping your baby’s skin dry & fresh. These diapers are suitable for your baby’s skin to ensure uninterrupted play and nap time. Huggies New Dry is available in different sizes from Small to Large to suit your baby.
369,Fruit N Fibre Muesli - Mixed Fruit,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Bagrrys,320,320,Muesli,4.3,A delightful muesli for a great start to your day with the perfect balance of whole grains and mixed fruit crush.
370,Basa Fish - Fillet Family Pack,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Seastar,499,499,Frozen Fish & Seafood,3.5,"Good Source for Lean Protein, Individually Quick Frozen, Healthy Low Fat Food, Rich in Omega-3 Fatty Acid."
371,Baby Corn - Sweet & Sour,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Hugo Reitzel ,607.75,715,Tomatoes & Vegetables,5,"Reitzel is a family-run business, founded in 1909. In 2005 The subsidiary Reitzel India is created in Bangalore, specialising in gherkin farming in order to create an efficient supply chain. In 2017 The “French Cornichons” and “HUGO” ranges are launched in Switzerland, made from 100% locally grown ingredients. Hugo Reitzel products are prepared and produced in Aigle, in the canton of Vaud. Gherkins, capers, baby corn, jalapenos etc. Over the years, Reitzel has become a recognised specialist in the production of these delicious condiments. When it comes to pickles, the possibilities are endless! And, above all, they’re perfect for every occasion. Hugo Reitzel brings to you a range of food items that will not only satiate your taste buds but will also kill your hunger prangs. Packed with the best of ingredients, these are fresh and delicious."
372,Kool - Badam,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Amul,20,20,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4.2,"Amul Kool is a refreshing beverage range with a variety of flavours. Pick up Badam for its unique flavour and enjoy the drink, Hamara cold drink."
373,Creamy Crackers - Original,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Sapphire,180,180,Crackers & Digestive,4.3,"Sapphire sugar crackers are the original wheat crackers that are heated to a light and crunchy perfection. These crackers are enormous fun to share, tasty to eat and are also uniquely delicious."
374,Dried - Cranberries 200G + Prunes 200G + Apricots 200G + Blueberries 150G,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,1280,1280,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Surprise your taste buds with the delicious taste ofÂ Sweet cranberries. It is perfect for snacking,Â baking,Â mixing into cereal, muffins, smoothies etc Ready to eat Delicious Prunes contain no pits and are ideal for cooking, snacking or adding to your smoothie, muffins or cereal.Â Not only do prunes taste great, but they are also very good for healthy. Our Jumbo dried apricots are plump, moist, chewy and vibrant in flavour! Larger apricots like this variety tend to be sweeter and more delicious. Blueberries are slightly sweetened and ideal for snacking, mixing in cereals, or adding to cakes and muffins. Heart Healthy,Â plump and sweet taste of our dried blueberries,Â will leave your taste buds in paradise."
375,Milly Magic Chocolate Balls - Gluten Free,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Schar,485,485,Kids Cereal,4,"When Milly Magic chocolate balls hop into your cereal bowl, it is truly an easy leap into the new day. Fibres and yummy cocoa - probably the best breakfast combination for all adventurers, big and small. Hop-hop, choco-pop! Time to go!"
376,Millet Based Nutrition Bar - Classic,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,Ah!rogya Bar,20,20,Cereal & Granola Bars,4,Millet based nutrition bar is totally natural and vegetarian. It is one of the healthy options that you can include in your day to day life.It contains 6 gm of protein. Reduce your hunger pangs in a healthy way with this nutrition bar.
377,"Bathroom Cleaner - Liquid, Hand Made",Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Wild Ideas,120,120,Toilet Cleaners,3.5,"Wild Ideas present their all-new range of Hand Made Liquid Castile Bathroom Cleaner topped with the added disinfecting and cleaning properties of Lemon Essential Oil. This cleaner works extremely well on tough stains in the toilet bowl, sinks and tiles. You can use it for cleaning regular surfaces as well."
378,Kodo Millet Rice - Pesticide Free,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,Safe Harvest,84.15,85,Cereals & Millets,4.1,"Safe harvest Kodo Millet Rice is procured from small and marginal farmer producer collectives from South Tamil Nadu. It has been carefully grown to ensure that you get safe food without synthetic pesticides and without using genetically modified seeds. All products of Safe harvest are tested in FSSAI accredited laboratories for the presence of 149 pesticides and a Minimum Residual Level report is obtained. Also, our millet rice is parboiled and unpolished that helps in retaining the essential nutrients. They are easily digestible, highly nutritious, and gluten-free and has a lesser percentage of glucose when compared to rice and thus lowers the risk of diabetes. Kodo millet has 8. 3% protein and 65. 2% carbohydrate when compared to paddy rice that has only 6. 8% protein but 78. 2% carbohydrates."
379,Amla Juice,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Patanjali,220,220,Juices,3.5,Patanjali Amla Juice is rich in antioxidants and vitamin C. Amla or Indian gooseberry has several health benefits	 it is used as skin & hair treatment and improves your immunity and eyesight. This amla juice is absolutely natural and should be taken on an empty stomach.			
380,Cheddar - English,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Dairy Craft,530,530,International Cheese,3.5,100% pure vegetarian and natural cheddar with mild creamy flavour. It has a rich tendency to melt in the mouth with a hazelnut flavour.
381,Power - Fresh Breath Fluoride Toothpaste 100 g + Sensitive Toothpaste 80 g,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Clove,203.99,240,Toothpaste,3.5,"Clove is your very own dental care expert made by Indians for Indians. Clove Power is an anti-cavity toothpaste that contains a unique formula that freshens breath with the goodness of clove oil. Formulated with Dentist approved ingredients, it helps clean teeth to make them whiter and stronger. It helps reduce the formation of plaque and tartar above the gum line which helps fight against gingivitis, stains, tartar, and cavities. Fluoride gives protection against tooth decay and strengthens teeth. Clove Power has excellent foaming action with smooth & easy flow ensuring it gets to every corner of your whole mouth and fights bacteria on teeth, tongue, cheeks, and gums. Also, it whitens the teeth, protects the enamel and prevents bleeding gums. Say goodbye to bad breath, decay and gum disease as you welcome Clove Power toothpaste."
382,"Matcha Moringa Bar Bites - Mini, Gluten-free, Vegan",Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,She made,112.56,168,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",3.5,"Healthy and gluten-free Matcha Moringa bar bites are easy options for on-the-go snacking. With the goodness of matcha and moringa, these bites contain antioxidants that support immunity building. Not just that it is also enriched with the wholesome nutrition of almonds, dates, chia seeds, oats and a touch of cinnamon. There are no added preservatives and artificial flavours."
383,Sugar Free Juice - Lemon Ginger Squash,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Diabetics Dezire,330,330,Juices,3.5,"Made from pure lemon juice, fresh ginger & Levulose. Direction for use : Add 1 measure of Diabetics Dezire natural lemon squash concentrate to 4 measures of chilled water, enjoy without guilt. For every 20 ml it contains 50 Kcal of energy per serving, 0.10 g of Protein & Fibre, 12 g of Carbohydrates."
384,Wipeout Germ Killing Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,MyGlamm,55.2,69,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4,"Rejuvenating and purifying, the WIPEOUT Germ Killing Soap by MyGlamm is the perfect start and finish to a long day. This anti-microbial bathing bar contains nourishing cocoa butter, enriched with germ-killing chlorhexidine with tea tree oil and healing coconut extracts to give you germ-free soft, supple and squeaky clean skin."
385,Jelly Crystal - Raspberry,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Puramate,40.5,45,"Baking, Cake Decorations",4.4,"Jelly is amazing treat on its own as it is so tasty, but jelly is fabulous with some whipped cream or ice cream and even custard, which together is a classic of the tea-time table. Jelly Crystals is the best vegetarian dessert. Puramate jelly crystals give you perfect taste, texture & flavour ."
386,Black Tea,Beverages,Tea,Tetley,155,155,Tea Bags,4.3,"Featuring the finest grade Assam teas, selected by our expert tea masters working their magic for that unique taste you love."
387,Grainy Delight,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Nutriplate,150,150,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.5,"Grainy Delight is a roasted multi-millet namkeen which is rich in fibre, protein, iron, calcium and minerals. It is a healthy & tasty snack which you can enjoy any time."
388,"Kitchen Cleaning/Dusting Microfibre Cloth - Grey, G130060GR",Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Liao,239.2,299,Dust Cloth & Wipes,4.3,"Keep your kitchen tidy and clean with this grey coloured microfibre cloth. Since the fabric is made using microfibre, it can absorb more water than its weight. It is easy to clean and dry. It traps dirt and filth like a magnet. The fibres are super soft hence makes the cleaning ultra smooth and relaxing."
389,Amla Churna,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dabur,80,80,Ayurveda,3.5,Dabur Amla Churna helps to increase Immunity. It has antioxidant properties and is beneficial for eyes. It provides relief from digestive problems like acidity and also from the burning sensation in chest.
390,Professional Herbal Orange Facial Massage Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Olivia,191.25,225,Body Care,3.5,Want instant glowing skin? Try Olivia Orange Facial Message Cream. It makes your skin flawless and fabulous. Try today and retain your natural glow.
391,Eggless Mayonnaise Dip,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",HappyChef,119,149,Salad Dressings,3.5,"Happy Chef eggless mayonnaise is a creamy salad dressing completely made using skimmed milk powder without added egg in it. Mayonnaise is a classic French sauce which is used in sandwiches, salads and is a mother sauce for a variety of sauces and dressings."
392,Nilgiri Green Tea - Yakuso Tulsi,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Teamonk,525,750,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"This Nilgiri Green Tea - Yakuso Tulsi helps for weight loss, and enhancing your immunity as it gets you rid of toxins and enhances your metabolism. Enjoy your leisure time savouring this relaxing tea along with your favourite biscuits."
393,"Peri Peri Sauce - Bird Eye Chili, Hot & Tangy",Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Habanero,161.1,179,Thai & Asian Sauces,4.1,Habaneros versatile Peri Peri Sauce is made using birds-eye chilly that can be used as a tasty marinade or a flavourful sauce and snacks and grilled or barbecued dishes. Peri Peri is one of the most common spice and is ranked as one of the spiciest forms of chilli flavouring.
394,"Menstrual Cup - Wings, Pratham",Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Stonesoup,489,489,Tampons & Menstrual Cups,3.5,Stonesoups Menstrual Cups are soft and easy to insert and are recommended for women who have given vaginal birth and leading a sedentary lifestyle. These cups have good suction and are easy to remove and clean. They can be safely worn at night while slepping without fear of leakage.
395,Wonderz Milk Fruit N Milk - Mango,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Sunfeast,29.75,35,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4.1,"Treat yourself with an exciting tasteful adventure and discover Wonderz of Milk in every sip. Fruit n Milk Mango Drink is a wonderful blend of the goodness of fruit and milk. Made with real mango pulp and mango bits, it promises a delightful experience. This product contains no preservatives and is a low-fat beverage."
396,Cow Ghee/Tuppa,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Himalayan Natives,432,540,Ghee & Vanaspati,3.4,"The Original Himalayan Cow ghee is made from the milk of purebred and non-hybrid free-range Himalayan cows that graze exclusively on the mineral-rich Himalayan grass, herbs, and medicinal plants. Our ghee is 100% genuine and is ethically and sustainably sourced. It is also free from preservatives, colours, and chemicals. It possesses a granular texture with an authentic aroma and flavour."
397,"Organic - Black Cardamom Ealachi, Whole","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,44,47,Organic Masalas & Spices,4,Black Cardamom Whole by BB Royal Organic is organically cultivated for purity and come filled with brightness and health.
398,Ultimate Choco Berry,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,RiteBite Max Protein,950,950,Granola & Cereal Bars,4.9," A BAR FOR EVERYONE: With 30gms of protein in each bar and 10gms of fiber, 5.5g of BCAA and goodness of berries. Max Protein Choco Berry protein bar is the perfect bar for your ultimate lifestyle with no preservatives and no artificial sweeteners with a balance of taste and health. SUSTAINED ENERGY: Max Protein Choco Berry is yours go to performance energy bar, purposefully crafted with an ideal mix of 3 protein blends of whey protein, soy and casein and a punch of flavor with berries to sustain 5hrs of energy for your ultimate lifestyle. WHOLESOME INGREDIENTS FOR A WHOLESOME EXPERIENCE: A bar that satiates your hunger and keeps you going with 5hrs of sustained energy."
399,Steel Belly Shape Storage Dabba/ Container Set With PP Lid - Silver & Blue,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Jensons,219,995,Steel Storage Containers,3.8,"Jensons Stainless Steel Belly Puri Dabba/storage containers are made with high-quality stainless steel. This storage container features with beautiful mirror polish design which is easy to clean and maintain for timeless kitchen style. This container is essential to any kitchen and is versatile, space-saving and stylish. These are sturdy and durable, taking care of your food and ingredients for a long time. Use the containers to store kitchen ingredients like spices, lentils and grains, cookies and other kitchen staples."
400,Kool - Koko,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Amul,111,120,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4.3,"Kool Koko is a fun, wholesome drink. Shake the can, open it and get pleasure from the yummy goodness of cafe. It is effortless to use a yummy drink that energizes you instantly with the goodness of milk.Serve it at home for parties or to your family instead of unhealthy fizzy drinks."
401,"Apple Cider Vinegar - With Mother, Unfiltered & Unpasteurized",Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,TrueNature,500,500,Balsamic & Cider Vinegar,5,"True Nature Apple Cider Vinegar is 100% naturally fermented to 5% acidity from the finest and delicious Himalayan grown apples. It is unfiltered and unpasteurized and hence retains the benefits of the natural residue ""Mother"" which has the health benefits mentioned below and also retains essential minerals like sodium and potassium required by the body. Product Description: 1. 100% Natural, fermented to 5% acidity from the finest and delicious Himalayan grown apples 2. FSSAI Certified 3. 500ml plastic packing (Plastic Used is food grade plastic) 4. 18 months shelf life from the date of manufacture 5. No refrigeration required Following are the unique things of my product"
402,Dare Deodorant Spray - Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Kamasutra,210,210,Men's Deodorants,3.9,Stolen kisses! Hazardous flings! Bold moves! Dangerous liaisons! Fatal attractions! And a man who sends pulses racing everywhere! These are just some of the benefits when you dare to be different with this warm and vibrant fragrance!
403,Svachh DLX Alpha Steel Outer Lid Pressure Cooker (20247),"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Prestige,2060,2290,Pressure Cookers,3.3,"The Prestige Dlexue Alpha Svachh pressure cookers are made using the best quality stainless steel, which makes it perfect for any kitchen. Its unique Alpha base is designed for even distribution of heat and is also induction compatible. What's more, it also features built-in safety mechanisms in the form of pressure indicators, safety plug and controlled gaskets release system. Also, the scachh lid contains any spillage that might occur during the course of cooking, keeping your kitchen cleaner and safer than ever before. So, go ahead and bring home the Deluxe Alpha Svachh stainless steel pressure cooker, it's yet another Prestige product you can trust."
404,Hydrating Body Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Nutrinorm,349,349,Body Care,4,"Nutrinorm’s Hydrating Body Lotion is enriched with Anti-oxidants and Vitamin E, providing a Natural, Healing and Soothing effect on the skin. Its unique herbal properties Strengthen, Protects and Rejuvenates the skin for enhanced cell function. While its natural moisturizer leaves the skin soft. The Hydrating Body lotion contains high-quality Virgin Coconut oil, Pure Olive oil, Grapeseed oil and Glycyrrhiza glabra which has a soothing effect on the skin and the formula absorbs the lotion quickly into the skin."
405,Nuts & Seeds Bar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,RiteBite Max Protein,36,40,Granola & Cereal Bars,3.8,"A NUTTY TREAT: A the crunch of almonds and cashews in each bite and a kick of health with pumpkin seeds and flax seeds. To add on to this, this great combination is formulated WITH NO ADDED SUGAR NUTRITION AND MORE: With cashews and almonds that are rich in zinc and magnesium and source of other micronutrients. Dark chocolate that serves as a mood elevator and aids stress management, Oats that delivers Fibre and quinoa provides sustained energy with Low GI. A product with clean and natural ingredients and no preservatives and the benefits of flax seeds that are a good source of Omerag-3 fatty acids and pumpkin seeds that improves heart health. YOUR GO-TO SNACK: A pack full of goodness for all your sweet cravings. No more guilt for your midnight binge or when you have a craving for something sweet."
406,"Nacho Chips - Cheese With Herbs, No Onion, No Garlic",Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Makino,46.9,70,Nachos & Chips,4.2,"Makino’s No Onion and No Garlic flavours are specially launched for people who don’t consume garlic, onion and potato in their diet or meal. We procure Non-GMO high protein Corn from Northern parts of India, in-process we bake raw chips, fry it with corn oil and add imported seasoning to give you the best taste without compromising the quality. These products are made in ISO 22000, FSSAI, HACCP, HALAL and US FDA approved plant. On the other side, our all products contain no MSG, no Preservative, zero trans fat and zero cholesterol so, feel free to consume. About Makino’s No Onion No Garlic Flavors, they are very unique in taste compare to Makino’s regular flavours."
407,Pistachio,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Rostaa,307.2,480,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Made with the highest quality of carefully handpicked pistachios, the nuts are roasted to perfection and seasoned with just the right amount of salt. They make for wholesome and healthy snacks, the kind you would never want to stop eating."
408,7 O Click - Permasharp Stainless Blade,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Gillette,21.56,22,Shaving Care,4.1,"The Razor's Snap Lock Action makes shaving really convenient and hassle-free, unlike ordinary razors, its superior design ensures a firm hold and precise positioning of the blade, minimising any chances of nicks and cuts. So you can have a shave that's totally safe and comfortable."
409,Classic Sandalwood & Tulsi Hand Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Santoor,209,209,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,3.8,Presenting Santoor hand wash with a blend of natural ingredients and unique formulation that not only fights germs but also keeps the hands soft. Its natural fragrance makes it pleasant to use and the ergonomically designed packs make it easy to keep in washbasins and sinks. Its unique formulation not only fights germs but has a pH balanced formulation that maintains the softness of the hands.
410,Chai/Stainless Steel Cups - For The Love Of Tea,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Hot Muggs,395,395,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.5,This Lovely High Gloss Design in stainless steel with typographic design expressions for the Love Of Tea. The mugs have gloss reflections which add that extra style and distinctness to the product. It is ideal for gifting and adding that touch of style for elite homes/offices.
411,Brass Karpoor Arti - No.2,Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,Trm,109,225,Other Pooja Needs,3.8,The camphor is placed and lit in the middle of the karpura Arthi holder and it is waved in circular fashion to show the gratitude and offerings to the God. The flames from the karpur arthi is partially touched with the hands and kept on the eyes as a part of the ritual to get positivity. The hovering of the hands is used to open the sense of touch and flames are used to open the sense of sight. It gives calmness to the mind.
412,Nikhaar Hair Removal Cream For All Skin Types,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Veet,82,82,Hair Removal,4.1,"Enjoy a pleasant hair removal experience with Veet Nikhaar Hair Removal Cream – with the goodness of Turmeric, Sandal & Saffron- it gives you smooth and visibly brighter skin with every depilation. This hair depilation cream is pain-less and great for instant use. It effectively removes even short, stubborn hair and leaves skin moisturized for up to 24 hours. It can be used on legs, arms, bikini line and underarms for a perfectly finished hair-less skin. Veet Nikhaar Hair Removal Cream for all skin types gives you perfect hair removal results in just 3 to 6 minutes. Follow the steps get fewer, finer and mentioned in the pack using the special spatula provided. Before using the product, please softer hair growing read the pack precautions carefully. With regular use back!"
413,Original Care Lip Balm For 24h Moisture With Shea Butter & Natural Oils,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Nivea,114.8,140,Lip Care,4.3,"Nivea Original Care Lip Blam nourishes lips in such a way that they always look and feel their best. With its weightless texture, it makes effective all-around lip care for soft and smooth lips, with no colour. The skin on your lips is much thinner than rest of the body skin, it chaps and peels so easily and hence ideally should be kept moisturised with a lip care product. Nivea Original Lip Balm keeps your lips moisturised for up to 12 hours."
414,"Plastic Insulated Jr Casserole For Roti/Chapati Gift Set - White, Regalia","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Flask & Casserole,Milton,739,910,Casserole,3.5,"Bring home this Milton casserole and dig right into a tasty meal without waiting. Eating hot and fresh food is everyones desire and this casserole with a stainless steel interior and plastic outer body retains heat effectively for long periods of time. The double-walled insulation lets you say goodbye to the lengthy process of heating each item before consumption. Moreover, its charming aesthetics make it an ideal gifting solution for any occasion."
415,Sunspray Sunscreen SPF 30,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR ,292.5,450,Face Care,3.5,"Inatur Sun Spray SPF 30 is an organic-mineral-aqueous system that ensures very high UVA & UVB protection. It is light, oil-free and excellent for sensitive skin, oily skin and delicate skin of babies and children. It is enriched with Carrot extracts - which helps in repairing tissues and protects from UV rays, heals sunburns, Honey extracts - which is full of antioxidants that help to slow down ageing, is extremely moisturizing and boosts the complexion and gives a healthy glow, Aloe Vera - that prevents skin ageing, treats sunburn and gives a radiant glow and Bergamot oil - a restorative skin toner."
416,Vastu Combo Pack - Floor Cleaner + toilet cleaner,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Runaway,319,319,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.6,"Runaway Vastu Floor Cleaner Contains Herbal & Organic Contents and Also it contains Various kinds of Natural Oils ,Which again helps in Reducing Negative Energy from your place. Runaway-Vastu Floor Cleaner have 5 in 1 Properties. 1.Powerfull Cleaner2. Retain Shine of Floor3. Kill Germs4. Reduces Negative Energy .5. Insecticidal Property It also Contains Gau Mutra . Gau Mutra is Natural Disinfectant, Anti Microbial & Anti Bacterial."
417,"Water Flask - Insulated Thermosteel, Flip Lid , Silver","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Flask & Casserole,Milton,879,1095,Vacuum Flask,4.2,This Insulated double walled vacuum water flask is designed for maximum temperature retention that keeps your favourite drinks hot/cold without altering their temperatures for a prolonged period of time. It will keep your drinks just the way you need them throughout the day. The taste and nutritive value of the drinks remain intact for a long time making the flasks very appropriate choice for storing beverages.
418,Drumstick - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Organic Fruits & Vegetables,Fresho,13,16.25,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"Fresho Organic products are organically grown and handpicked by expert. Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
419,Up Or Down Eau De Toilette Deodorant - For Man,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Nike,223.2,279,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"A brand inspired by the Greek goddess of victory, it personifies strength, speed and energy and it launched its first perfume in 1929. Since then, a wide assortment of fragrance collections has hit the marketplace with refreshing, and eye-catching proposals that capture the essence and lifestyle of today´s man and woman."
420,"Ultra Healing - Extra Dry Skin Moisturiser With Vitamin C, E & B5",Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Jergens,296.1,329,Body Care,2,Let your skin experience the luxury of pure pampering with this Ultra Healing Extra Dry Skin Moisturizer Nourishes and Heals body lotion exquisitely created by Jergens. This deeply hydrating moisturiser penetrates deep into the layers of your skin for deep nourishment and moisturisation. Specially-created Formula with Vitamin B3 Complex. This specially-created formula is enhanced with a touch of Vitamin B3 complex that helps in healing your dry skin with intense moisturization. Heals Dryness at the Source and Locks in Moisture for 24 hours. The Jergens Ultra Healing Extra Dry Skin Moisturizer Nourishes and heals body lotion gently soothes and moisturises your skin to heal dryness at the source.
421,"Organic, Fennel /Saunf/Sompu Powder","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,bb Royal,23,25,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.1,Organic Saunf is hygienically processed fragrant spice which is also known as one of the key ingredients of Chinese 5 spice powder. This is quite frequently used in many Indian recipes.
422,Coconut Braker - Big,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Kvg,129,169,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,3,This tool for easily breaking coconut without spilling water in surroundings. Body is made of plastic with a heavy metal bar in the middle. Easy to clean.
423,Truffel - Caramel,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Dukes,190,200,Chocolates,3.7,"Make every moment sweeter by treating your senses to the deliciousness of a caramel centre, wrapped within creamy milk chocolate. Rejoice with loved ones by indulging in a Truffle, and revel in the generous blend of taste and texture."
424,Conditioner - Hair Repair,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Richfeel,161,161,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"Richfeel Hair Repair untangles & instantly enhances the texture of your hair. It repairs the hair cuticles to give you an instant shine. Also helps repair split ends. Suitable for all hair types For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
425,"Stainless Steel Water Bottle - Blue, BB506 3","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,DP,249,470,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"This blue coloured water bottle, made of stainless steel, is specially designed with a vacuum seal that prevents leakage. It is durable and lightweight. The slim design fits into most standard auto cup holders, making it perfect for long car rides and bags. The wide mouth of the bottle helps easy filling and also fits ice cubes."
426,Mischief Avatar Deodorant & Body Spray Perfume For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Set Wet,121,199,Men's Deodorants,3.8,"Are you ready for some mischief? Switch on fun-mode with the Set Wet Mischief Avatar deodorant for men. Be the bright spot of the day - the fun guy who is in every friend circle. If your love giving quirky comebacks, if your jokes and memes get the likes, if your harmless pranks are the talk of town, this men’s deo is perfect for you! Set Wet Mischief Avatar deo with a feisty fragrance with the zesty scent of many spices, whispers of rosewood and a highlight of apples & melon. Make Set Wet your bro. Your avatar is Mischief Avatar. Set Wet Avatar range of deodorants for men is a burst of colour, energy, and passion that comes with the prime of youth. It is a collection sunny, sporty and charming fragrance for men that are perfectly suited to deliver to your varying avatars."
427,Skin Fruits Fruit Moisturising Body Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Joy,68.85,81,Body Care,4.1,"Joy Skin Fruits Moisturising Body Lotion is an intensive care moisturiser, with Active Fruit Boosters, which moisturises and softens skin leaving no signs of dryness. Enriched with Apple Extracts, jojoba and almond oils, it revitalises skins youthful beauty. It results in softer, silky, younger-looking skin."
428,Multipurpose Germ Protection Anti-Bacterial Wipes With Lemon Fragrance,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Corsafe Advance,100,100,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.5,"Corsafe advance: Multipurpose germ protection wipes Proven Formula: Provides 99.9% protection Alcohol-free Wipes: suitable for all surfaces, indoor & outdoor Skin-friendly ph Antibacterial Refreshing lemon fragrance Good cleansing action: use on gadgets, toys, furniture, door handles, elevators etc. 25 usable wet wipes of size 150x200 mm"
429,Basmati Rice/Basmati Akki - Rozana Super 90,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,Daawat ,340,390,Basmati Rice,3.9,"Daawat Rozana Super 90 is the finest Basmati Rice in the mid-price affordable segment. It is specially processed for daily cooking across a multitude of regular dishes, a perfect fit for every day consumption. Rozana Super 90 promises a sweet taste and rich aroma as each grain is naturally aged. Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/233/rice-rice-products/"
430,Milk power Frappe Milkshake - Belgian Chocolate,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Real,27,30,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4.2,"Real Milk Power Frappe Milkshake - Belgian Chocolate has the goodness of milk and exotic Belgian chocolate flavour. It has 30% more calcium and vitamin D2 than Cow Milk (based on values as per NIN, ICMR). It has no added preservatives. Taste and health in one packet. Enjoy this to tame your small hunger pangs."
431,"Peanut Butter - Unsweetened, Crunchy",Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Happy Jars,275,275,Choco & Nut Spread,3.8,"If you like it healthy & intensely crunchy, this one's for you. 100% roasted peanut goodness, the Pure Peanut Crunchy is high on protein and mixed in with even more peanuts to give it that delectable crunch. With 30% more protein content, it's great before or after a workout. Peanut butter can be used as a spread on bread and chapati. It is rich in protein and Vitamin B6. It can be used as part of fitness diets and for those who want a diet rich in protein."
432,Salem Turmeric Powder/Arisina Pudi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Orika,24.75,33,Powdered Spices,4.4,"As vibrant as its colour are the bountiful gifts of Turmeric. Known for its excellent anti-inflammatory & antioxidant properties, Turmeric powder is an essential component of almost all savoury Indian preparations. Orika sources superior quality turmeric from Salem, known for its high curcumin content. We go the extra mile to keep the curcumin intact with our meticulous processing methods. A pinch of this Turmeric powder unleashes bright yellow hues along with subtle & complex flavours."
433,Body Fragrance - Alexander,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Park avenue,149.25,199,Men's Deodorants,4.3,"Park Avenue Alexander - Truly for the masculine spirit which is high in optimism. The top note opens up with bergamot and settles down with musk and amber. It has floral notes at the heart which will ensure spirits are always high.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÂ https://bigbasket.blog/"
434,"Steel Storage/Lunch Container- No.1, Blue, Klip It","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Joyo Steel,79,119,Steel Storage Containers,3.1,"Joyo Klip It Stainless steel container comes with easy locking. These containers are made from high quality non- magnetic stainless steel body. Joyo Klip It container has odourless lid cover with food- grade silicone seal (gasket) in lid & has all 4 sides locks which ensure airtight containers for keeping food fresh, 100% leak-proof containers for keeping food from spilling, stackable design for easily storing the containers on top of each other and the pioneering clip mechanism. Take this container to the office, school, camping or hiking."
435,Ladies Finger,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,26.73,35,"Beans, Brinjals & Okra",3.5,"Ladies finger is a green vegetable with a tip at the end and a lighter green head, which is inedibe and to be thrown away. It tastes mild and slightly grassy. Do not forget to check out our delicious recipe- https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/2136/cheesy-okra-bhindi-fritters/"
436,Aloe Vera Juice - Purifies Blood & Boosts Immunity,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Jiva Ayurveda,220,220,Health Drinks,1,"A natural anti-oxidant and blood purifier, Aloe Vera strengthens the immune system and improves digestion. It is a good skin tonic and anti-ageing agent. Jiva Aloe Vera Juice is made from premium-quality aloe vera plant as per ancient Ayurveda texts. Moreover, it is manufactured through sophisticated processes marked by Jiva\\u2019s stringent quality standards in order to maintain the potency of the ingredients."
437,"Balloon - Polka Dot, 12 Inch",Cleaning & Household,Party & Festive Needs,B Vishal,99,129,"Caps, Balloons & Candles",3.9,"Whether it is a party in the office, a Christmas bash, a baby shower, wedding, or a casual party for friends, these decorative items seem to be an essential of party supplies. They make the perfect party accessory for people who love to have a good time."
438,School/Stationery Kit,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,BIC Cello,49,49,"Pen, Pencils",4.1,"Set of high-quality pens, mechanical pencil, marker and highlighter essential stationery kit for all student requirement."
439,Face Wash - White Tea & Chamomile,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Magic ,129.5,185,Face Care,4.2,"I am 100% free of paraben, soap, alcohol, artificial colouring and fragrance. Deep clean your pores with white tea and soy milk extracts and exfoliating microbeads. Prevent ageing and protect the skin from free radicals. The chamomile essential oil soothes and calms, leaving you fresh and relaxed.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
440,Bathroom Cleaner,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,PureCult,209.3,299,Toilet Cleaners,4,"PureCult Bathroom Cleaner I a biodegradable blend powered by essential oils works hard to remove water drop marks, soap scum and grime effectively from bathroom tiles, shower cubicles and washbasins. It leaves a layer of protection on the shower cubicles that makes it hard for the stain to get back. Sweet orange and Lemon essential oils are both known for their antimicrobial and antifungal properties and their refreshing fragrance. Product: This bottle contains 500ml of concentrated, high-efficiency environment-friendly bathroom cleaner. This product is “Made in India” and proudly Indian owned. Usage: This product removes water drop marks, soap scum & grime from bathroom tiles, shower cubicles & washbasins. It also leaves a stain protection layer on shower cubicles. Ingredients: Environment-friendly biodegradable surfactants, biodegradable scale removing agent and essential oils."
441,Imperial Desert Set - Aqua Leaves,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Cello,419,625,Plates & Bowls,2.8,"The fusilli spiral on the wooden spoon is just right. We will not guarantee the effect to replicate with any other bakeware. As it is made of borosilicate glass, our bakeware can handle temperature as high as 300 degree Celsius. So you can use them to make a lot of things."
442,Solitaire Storage Transparent Pet Container Set - Green Lid,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Steelo,409,969,Containers Sets,4.2,"These Steelo storage containers are made from high-quality plastic for everyday use. It seals the food effectively and has an easily stackable design for smart storage. The multipurpose airtight storage containers come with an attractive design, a food-grade quality that makes it hygienic for food use. It has a freezer without a lid, strong and durable body for longevity."
443,Organic Cold Pressed Virgin Coconut Oil,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,GoodDiet,239,365,Organic & Cold Press Oil,4.4,GoodDiet Organic Cold Pressed Virgin Coconut Oil is made from fresh milk extracted from Organic coconuts. It is ideal for healthy and flavourful cooking and also works wonder for skin and hair too.
444,DiaFree Juice,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Kapiva Ayurveda,420,420,Juices,3.5,"CONTROLS BLOOD SUGAR: Karela, Amla and Jamun are traditional remedies that have proven to bring down blood sugar levels. Karela also is known as Bitter gourd contains an insulin-like compound called Polypeptide-p or p-insulin which has been researched to control diabetes naturally. Diabetic patients can benefit from this powerful combination of Indian origin and notice greater energy levels, lower blood sugar levels, lower cholesterol levels.LOWERS CHOLESTEROL: Karela ka juice is anti-inflammatory and helps in reducing the bad cholesterol levels in the body. Which means a healthier heart! It’s packed with various nutrients. Potassium absorbs excessive sodium from the body, which helps in maintaining the blood pressure of the body. Iron and folic acid, present in Karela are known to decrease the risk of stroke and keep your heart healthy."                                                                                         
445,Hand Wash Rose & Geranium - Anti Bacterial,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Morpheme Remedies,349,349,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,5,"A transformative moment to energize and awaken your senses	 this fresh, lively fragrance infuses your day with unlimited possibility. Hard working hands are gently cleansed with nourishing ingredients. The handwash lathers beautifully and leaves hands lightly scented with fresh, botanical fragrance Made without sulfates and parabens or dyes. Our vegan-friendly purely clean gentle hand wash delivers a rich, creamy lather to gently wash away dirt and germs, while soothing aloe, shea butter, coconut oil and nourishing vitamin E and leave hands feeling soft and smooth.Â This Anti Bacterial Neem based Hand wash cares for hands, keeping them feeling renewed, soft and supple. Morpheme Remedies has always formulated fragrances with the utmost of care."			
446,Namkeen - Flattend Rice Mixture,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Sln,38,38,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4,"SLN Namkeens are made by combining the freshest of ingredients with a traditional recipe. They are perfect to relish as a snack, with your evening tea or coffee and can also be used in chaat for added flavour or to customise it as per your liking."
447,Borosilicate Glass Rectangular Food Container With Green Lid,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,209,339,Containers Sets,3.5,"These BB Home borosilicate food storage containers are crafted and manufactured to bring the best of the quality, clarity in glass and shine for elegance. These borosilicate food containers are very superior in quality with high wall thickness and with a heavy bottom to flaunt your style and elegance to your guest at the first impression. These containers are manufactured with high precision to ensure no wobbling on the rim or bottom of the glass. These are 100% food grade and dishwasher safe. These are airtight borosilicate container with high-quality gasket fitted on the lid to ensure freshness of food stored inside. It can withstand up to 400 degrees temperature. It can be used in the microwave, OTG/Oven or even it can be placed inside the electric cooker to cook your delicious food."
448,Black Naturals,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Garnier,37,39,Hair Color,4.2,"Garnier Black Naturals is enriched with the goodness of Almond Oil and Black Tea extract Enriched with the goodness of Almond Oil and Black Tea Extract, Garnier Black Naturals is a no-ammonia crème formula that works in just 15 minutes, covers 100% greys and lasts upto 6 weeks."
449,Sorghum Rava/ Semolina,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Dhatu Organics & Naturals,80,80,Flours & Pre-Mixes,4.4,"Sorghum Contains More Antioxidants Than Blueberries And Is High In Protein, Iron And Fiber, With No Gluten, Which Makes It A Perfect Dietary Grain For Those With Celiac Disease. Sorghum Supports Metabolism And Its Niacin Content Helps Break Down And Metabolize Nutrients Into Energy. Niacin And Iron Also Supports Healthy Circulation, And Iron Plays A Role In Immune Function. It Is Diabetic Friendly And Gluten Free. Millets Have Been Cultivated From Pre-Historic Times And Is One Of The Worlds Earliest Food Plants Used By Humans. It Is Naturally Gluten Free And Is Non-Acid Forming. Millets Are Alkalizing Foods Which Help In Preventing Chronic Diseases. Sorghum Is Rich In Antioxidants And Has Anti-Carcinogenic Properties When Consumed Regularly As Part Of Your Diet. It Promotes Cardiovascular Health Better Than Other Cereals."
450,Sensitive Toothpaste - Fresh Mint,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Sensodyne,215.6,230,Toothpaste,4.3,"Sensodyne toothpaste provides clinically proven relief and daily protection for sensitive teeth. Sensodyne relieves sensitivity by building a protective barrier that blocks the sensitivity caused by hot, cold, sweet and other contact triggers. It contains fluoride to prevent cavities so that you can use it every day. Toothpaste has a cool refreshing taste that leaves your mouth feeling fresh and clean. For best results, use twice daily"
451,Floor Cleaner - Lime,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Floroma,70,70,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.8,"Is Herbal Perfumed Deodoriser and Cleaner,3.5, Is Ideally Suited for Cleaning Floors, Kitchen and Toilets, repels flies, Mosquitoes and Cocokroaches away."
452,Hair Serum - Anti-Dandruff,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Aroma Magic ,637.5,750,Hair Oil & Serum,1,"I am 100% free of parabens, petrochemicals, sulphates, alcohol, toxic ingredients, artificial coloring and fragrance. Powered by the potent blend of essential oils of Eucalyptus and Chamomile. Rich in Vitamins and minerals, Aloe Vera juice, extract of Indian gooseberry and Patchouli in my formulation."
453,"Face Mask 3-Layer Surgical - Disposable, Anti-Dust & Anti-Pollution, With Earloop",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Octus,79,99,Face Masks & Safety Gears,3.5,"This face protects your face, nose, mouth, against dust, smoke, ash, pollution and other particulate matter in all weather conditions. It’s soft & super light material does not cause any irritation even after prolonged wearing. The non-woven design provided on the mask filters the air properly and allows it to pass through, letting you breathe even while wearing the mask. This face mask is made up of special multilayer non-woven fabric to ensure an enhanced level of protection from even the smallest particles present in the air. The face mask is great for protecting you from dust, pollution, smoke etc to help you breathe easier and stay germ-free.Disclaimer - We have suspended returns on Face Mask products for the safety of our customers and delivery agents. We will update the policy once the situation has resolved."
454,Veda Keto-Slim Ultra Weight Loss,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Vedapure,1699,1699,Ayurveda,3.5,"Vedapure Naturals Keto Slim advanced weight loss allows you to burn fat naturally through a metabolic state known as ketosis. When you are in the state of ketosis, your body burns fatty acids instead of sugar or glucose. This means that your body does all the heavy lifting work to achieve weight loss by turning excess fat into your body's main source of energy fuel."
455,"Basmati Rice Mini Mogra, Broken/Tukda 5 Kg + Wheat Flour (Chakki Atta) 10Kg","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,bb Royal,575,745,Basmati Rice,3.5,"Basmati Rice Mini Mogra, Broken/Tukda: bb Royal Mini Mogra Basmati rice leaves a lasting impression because of its flavour and fluffy texture. 1401 and 1121 variety of raw rice ensures great quality and taste. Sourced from the Basmati-rice-bowl states of Punjab, Haryana and Uttarakhand, this rice is processed in GMP plants using Swiss technology to ensure superior quality and high nutritional value. With its small size, this rice is best suitable for daily dishes like dal chawal, khichdi and kheer.Wheat Flour (Chakki Atta): Atta is made from the choicest grains - heavy on the palm, golden amber in colour and hard in a bite. It is carefully ground using modern chakki grinding process for the perfect balance of colour, taste and nutrition which also ensures that BB Royal atta contains 0% Maida."
456,Tapioca,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,17,21.25,Root Vegetables,3.5,Starchy and mild flavoured Tapiocas are edible roots with a grainy textured flesh.
457,Organic - Kalonji,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,47.5,50,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.2,"Reduces joint pain, controls blood pressure, keeps check on diabeties."
458,Savoury - Pizza,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Miaow Miaow,190,190,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Per 100 gm : Energy - 504 kcal, Carbohydrate - 63.9 g, Protein - 4.3 g, Fat - 25.7 g"
459,Water/Juice Glass Tumbler - Volvic 3303,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Roxx,425,425,Glassware,3.5,"Roxx tumblers are available in different designs, shapes, sizes, and materials. Each piece is durable and is made using premium quality to suit your needs. These glasses are strong, durable and fit for serving at parties or can be used at home for daily use."
460,Red Poha,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Turn Organic ,80,80,"Organic Rice, Other Rice",4,Turn Organic Red poha is made from flattened Organic red rice. Red rice is easily digestible and is perfect for a morning or evening snacks.
461,Brightening Serum,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Kaya Clinic,942,1450,Face Care,4,"Brightening serum contains a potent active lightening complex known to even the skin tone, lighten freckles and age spots as well as helps to reduce hyperpigmented areas. Ferulic acid and Waltheria Indica extracts have a regulatory effect on melanin skin pigmentation. It is clinically tested to decrease pigmentation and brighten your skin."
462,Ivory Glass Bottle - Orange & Yellow Floral,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Treo,190,190,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"Glass has almost zero rates of chemical interaction thus ensures strength, aroma and flavour. Exclusive airtight, leak resistant lid safeguards from spoilage and bacteria.It is ideal for storing milk, juice, water, lassi, cold coffee etc. Treo by Milton is synonymous with elegant and utilitarian glassware, handpicked from the finest furnaces in the world. Created with the perfect cuts to suit Indian tastes, these glass items are made to keep your guests talking while being functional additions to your home."
463,Sheer Perfume For Women - EDP,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Skinn by Titan,1435.5,1595,Eau De Parfum,4.4,"Walk into the room like a breeze, bringing along with you a culmination of some of the most sensual fragrances. With fresh green pear and cheerful red strawberries, the sweet top notes are complemented by the elegance of floral elements and a dash of pink pepper. The fragrance has been skilfully crafted to have a luxurious and cheerful warmth that stays with you. The first notes are bright and mouthwatering thanks to a green pear accord. The fragrance starts on an energising clementine, conveying joy and spontaneity. Cheerful notes of red fruits highlight a sweet and crunchy facet while the Pink Pepper SFE highlights a vibrant and contrasting sensation. The heart reveals the softness and delicacy of four flowers: Jasmine, Peony, Heliotrope and Magnolia. The jasmine combines a touch of depth and sophistication while peony brings a dewy, shimmering, spontaneous facet."
464,Dog Treats - Diced Chicken,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Chip Chops,195,195,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"Chip Chop Diced Chicken is made of fresh meat. They are carefully prepared to provide a pure, tasty and highly digestible snack. Chip Chop has goodness with nutritional benefits for your pets well being. Chip Chops are suitable for feeding as a snack, or a reward to show your pet love."
465,Baking Powder - Double Acting,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,By Nature,145,145,"Baking, Cake Decorations",5,"By Nature double-acting baking powder is made of the freshest & finest ingredients to give you consistently best baking experience. Double-acting baking powder allows for leavening twice which leads to fluffier goods. Unlike conventional baking powders, our formulation leaves the baked goods with no bitter, metallic aftertaste."
466,"Ready Mix - Kheer, Vermicelli",Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Gits,53,60,Dessert Mixes,4.3,Gits present their exotic range of sweet dishes and desserts which are ready to make and are ideal for those kitty parties and get togethers that require you to rake up quick snacks and recipes. Experience the rich and smooth flavours encompass your mouth and tastebuds in every bite and it is sure to become a favourite among your family and friends.
467,Scrubbing Broom Brush - Outdoor,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Ezy Be,256.5,285,Toilet & Other Brushes,4.5,Standee broom brush with handle is made of best quality material with a firm grip.Thick and hard bristles easily cleanes stubborn stains. Ideal for outside floor cleaning.
468,Organic Wheat Dalia,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,52.25,55,Organic Flours,4.1,"Organic Tattvas Wheat Dalia is not just high in fiber but also free from any additional coloring or chemical enameling, making it the best fiber source for diabetics and the fitness conscious."
469,Moisturizing Body Bath - Green Tea & Milk,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Skin Cottage ,279,279,Shower Gel & Body Wash,3.5,"Calm Restore RefreshMade in Malaysia.Content 400ml.pH - 5.5.This deliciously fruity Milk bath is ideal for everyday use. Delicately scented with a refreshingly Green tea. Added natural Goat milk extract. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
470,The Original Kashaya - Caffeine Free,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,6 Rasa,279,279,Health Drinks,4.8,"Relax and unwind with a cup of our Original Kashaya, an immunity-boosting delectable blend made from 15 traditional Indian herbs and spices, each having unique healing powers. Completely caffeine-free, this deliciously strong yet balanced blend has been crafted to make you feel at the peak of your health. Coriander, black pepper and cumin form the magical trio that will help boost your immunity levels. Cardamom and clove lend a sweet-spicy aroma while the dry ginger and liquorice give it a zesty sweet undertone. Heal your body, awaken your mind and soothe your soul with our immunity building delicious Kashaya.The Original Kashaya helps to relieve cold, cough, sore throat and headache. It aids in digestion and boosts immunity."
471,Nizami Hyderabadi Cuisine,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Cafe Junyali,395,395,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",3.5,"It was in the kitchens of the erstwhile Nizams of Hyderabad where cultures truly blended together by taking the best of each other – be it Arabic, Mughal, Turkish or South Indian. Like most of India’s cities, Hyderabad is a blend of fairy-tale and reality, a motley mix of the old and the new, forming an exotic background for it’s much sought after and mouth-watering cuisine. Since this spice blend was meant for the palate of the Royals, the recipe and ingredients were under guard and preparation techniques confined to the secrecy of the Palace Kitchens. Through Afifa Begum, we at Junyali are proud to be able to present to you the Nizami Spice Blend directly from the Royal household. It has been refined so that it can be used for all Nizami cuisine! Ghee and slow cooking is always recommended."
472,Elegance Deodorizing Talc - For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Yardley London,157.25,185,Talc,4.4,"This luxury perfumed talc leaves your skin feeling soft and fragrant throughout the day. The fragrance will keep you refreshed and comfortable. The rich and the authentic fragrances from the house of Yardley, which will keep you energizing and rejuvenating."
473,"LED Bulb - 10 Watt CDL Round Base Lyor 5 Star Series, Cool Day Light White, B22","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,Crompton,149,285,CFL & Led Bulbs,3.5,Crompton presents a 5 star LED lamp that adds to the design and comfort of your house. If you have frequent voltage fluctuations then do not worry as this lamp has a voltage fluctuation guard. This energy-efficient 10-watt lamp comes with a year warranty.
474,Organic Rasam Ready Mix - Long Pepper,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,85,85,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.2,"This is a healthy form of Rasam which is made from Long Peppers. Long Peppers has been proven as prevention of many forms of cancers. This can be consumed as soup. Long peppers help in bronchitis, asthma, increases immunity, improves digestion and remove toxins. Certified organic products are only used."
475,Gold Caramel Candy,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,ALPENLIEBE,50,50,"Toffee, Candy & Lollypop",4.3,"Your trusted brand, Alpenliebe is known for its exceptionally smooth and creamy, melt-in-your-mouth qualities. Full of milky richness, Alpenliebe Gold is a fun-filled candy to have at any time of the day. Show your loved ones how much they mean to you by sharing Alpenliebe candies with them. Alpenliebe – bring hearts closer"
476,Masala - Birayani Pulao,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Mdh,80,80,Blended Masalas,4.2,Mdh Briyani Masala Is An Aromatic Mix Of Spices. It Made Up Of Quality Of Ingredients. It Can Be Used To Make Exotic Briyani.
477,Hair Fall Control Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Dr Batra's ,145,290,Hair Oil & Serum,4,"Dr Batra’s Hair Fall Control Oil contains Tulsi extract, Brahmi Oil and Thuja. Enriched with the goodness of Tulsi extract stimulates the proliferating cells in the hair root. Brahmi Oil strengthens hair roots by providing nutrition. Thuja controls hair loss. The Hair Oil nourishes the hair cuticles without a feeling of sticky or heavy. It has a very soothing calming effect not only on hair but also on the nervous system. Its natural ingredients prevent hair loss and boost hair growth.All Dr Batra’s Products are formulated with natural actives. The proportion of surfactants in Dr Batra’s Hair Care Products is much lower, as compared to other cosmetic products, thus protecting the scalp and hair from chemical damage. Dr Batra’s Hair Care Products does not contain SLS & Paraben (a very harmful and carcinogenic)."
478,Bio Renew White Strawberry & Sweet Mint Conditioner,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Herbal Essence,468,650,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.4,"Gently condition your hair with Herbal Essence's bio-renew White Strawberry & Sweet Mint Conditioner to leave it voluminous and vibrant. Crafted with bio-renew, our signature blend of essential antioxidants, aloe and sea kelp, White Strawberry & Sweet Mint Conditioner also helps purify and protect against impurities to bring your hair back to life. Free of parabens, gluten and colourants, White Strawberry & Sweet Mint Conditioner gently conditions as it infuses crisp notes of white strawberry, delicate jasmine and invigorating mint into your hair."
479,"Comfort Bathroom Stool Plastic/Patla - Plain, Big, Assorted",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,JOYO,259,426,"Bath Stool, Basin & Sets",3.4,Joyo Patla is a portable furniting item used for sitting. It can also be used in bathrooms to facilitate bathing or for washing clothes while sitting on it. It is made of strong and durable material and is easy to carry around.
480,Bounce Biscuits - Elaichi Creme,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,27,30,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4.1,"Deliciously creamy and deliciously fun - Sunfeast Bounce. These biscuits are available in four tasty flavours- Chocolate, Orange, Elaichi and Pineapple. The flavoured biscuit shell encasing the soft creamy centre transports you to a world of fun and excitement!"
481,"Pumice Stone & Emery Foot Filer - FFL3407, Colour May Vary",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Kaiv,175,175,Bathing Accessories,3.8, "Pumice Stone"
482,Olive Oil - Classic,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,La Espanola,589,1350,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",3.5,"The La Espanola pure Olive oil is primarily refined olive oil with a small addition of virgin for taste. It has a superior aroma and flavour that is ideal for daily Indian cooking. Our pure olive oil has strong Anti-Inflammatory properties, large amounts of antioxidants and multiple health benefits. Use a drizzle of the La Espanola pure Olive oil for cooking or as a dressing on salads to keep your heart health in check. It contains zero trans fat and cholesterol. Packed with the goodness of antioxidants, olive oil is a rich source of vitamin E and supports your metabolism. Drizzle, dress or pour our olive oil to enjoy the deliciousness of hearty Italian cooking. A healthier pick than vegetable and seed oils, our olive oil is neutral in taste and can be used for all types of Indian cooking including deep frying, roasting etc."
483,Light Soy Sauce - Reduced Salt,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Tai Hua,346.5,385,Thai & Asian Sauces,3.9,"Tai Hua soy sauces are traditional Chinese flavoured soy sauces, naturally brewed from selected premium soy beans, wheat flour, water and salt. Tai Hua Sauce has well-balanced flavours of saltiness, sweetness and tartness. Ideal to cook food or use as a dip. Tai Hua Soy sauces are manufactured in Singapore."
484,"Kitchen Cleaning/Dusting Microfibre Cloth - Red & Grey, G130064RG",Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Liao,219,258,Dust Cloth & Wipes,4,"Keep your kitchen tidy and clean with these red and grey coloured microfibre cloth. Since the cloth is made using microfibre, it can absorb more water than its weight. It is easy to clean and dry. It traps dirt like a magnet. The fibres are super soft hence makes the cleaning ultra smooth and relaxing. It's a pack of six."
485,Painting Kit,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Doms,196,199,Colours & Crayons,4.7,"Doms Painting Kit is a perfect value kit that comes in a convenient and attractive pack. It is a perfect kit with assorted products suitable to gift your children, their friends or students. It is suitable for beginners to start painting. The kit contains a Drawing Book, 12 Shade Bi-Colour Pencil, 12 Shade Oil Pastels, 12 Shade Water Colour Pens, Water Colour Cake Pack, 6 Shade Glitter, 12 Shade Extra Long Wax Crayon and a Pencil Kit."
486,Diamond Skin Brightening Kit - Consumer Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Joy,150,250,Face Care,4,"Joy Diamond Brightening Facial Kit contains Diamond Ash and Natural Extracts to make skin brighter and polished. It brings out radiance and shining effect of the skin. Step 1: Joy Diamond Scrub Cleanser: Enriched with Diamond Ash, Vitamin E, Wheatgerm and Almond oil, this unique scrub cleanser effectively cleanses the skin to reveal natural brightness. It revitalizes and rejuvenates skin. Step 2: Joy Diamond Skin Brightening Cream: Contains Diamond Ash and natural moisturisers which improve the skin’s ability to retain moisture and hydrate itself. The skin’s resilience and elasticity improves, making it supple and firm. Step 3: Joy Diamond Youthful Shine pack: Detoxifying shine pack removes dead skin cells and regenerates new cells to provide glow and youthful shine."
487,Organic - Turmeric Powder/Arisina Pudi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Turn Organic ,32,40,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.7,"Turn Organic brought to you its Premium, fresh and healthy Organic Turmeric Powder with no added pesticides and fertilizers. Popularly known as Haldi, commonly used as a spice in Indian cuisine and even curries, for dyeing, and to impart color to mustard condiments."
488,Natural Neem Agarbatti,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Good knight,180,180,Mosquito Repellent,3,"Goodknight Naturals Neem Agarbatti, a 100% natural mosquito repellent agarbatti (incense stick). Goodknight Agarbatti is infused with nature's two most potent natural ingredients - Neem and Turmeric which can repel mosquitoes and provide effective mosquito protection."
489,Raspberry Strawberry Preserve,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",The Gourmet Jar,349,349,"Jams, Marmalade, Spreads",3.5,"Luscious Raspberries and Juicy Strawberries Blend Together to make this Delightful Preserve That's a Hit with Everyone, Perfect for a Delicious Breakfast and Also for Your Desserts"
490,Meghdoot Honey Almond Body Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Meghdoot,195,195,Body Care,3.5,"Meghdoot Honey Almond Body Lotion is enriched with honey, aloe vera and oil extracts of almond that helps attain young soft and glowing skin by reducing skin pigmentation and wrinkles. It also helps reduce excessive dry skin. It has the perfect balance of almond oil and honey along with aloe vera. This lotion deeply nourishes and moisturises your skin making it smooth and youthful. It keeps your skin healthy and naturally glowing."
491,Hajmola Maha Candy - Aam+Imli,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dabur,117,130,Supplements & Proteins,4.4,"Hajmola Maha Candy is a zingy tangy candy thats fun to have any time of the day. And whats more, it gets your digestive juices working better. Its a great way to enjoy while staying healthy. The Candys khatta meetha taste is available in two different fun-filled flavours- Albela Aam and Chulbuli Imli For Beauty tips, tricks & more visita‚ https://bigbasket.blog/"
492,Rice Bran Oil,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Fortune,173,215,"Sunflower, Rice Bran Oil",4.1,"Fortune Rice Bran Health Oil is physically refined oil, it contains Gamma Oryzanol, that reduces cholesterol, keeps heart healthy. Vitamin E helps in maintaining the balance of the nervous system, natural antioxidants. Best suitable for health conscious people."
493,"N95 Washable Face Mask - Blue, Medium",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Nirvana,299,395,Face Masks & Safety Gears,3.8,"Nirvana's N95 washable masks give protection against 96% of germs and contaminants. This anti-viral mask is designed with 3 layers to keep you guarded against the harmful bacterias and viruses. The outer and inner layers are made from all-natural fabrics like cotton, linen, hemp, and flax, and a nanofibre filter is placed in the middle to provide maximum protection against particulate matter and contaminants. The filtering efficiency of a mask depends on its proper fit. Nirvana masks have an adjustable secured noseband that always ensures perfect fitting and comfort. It is available in three different sizes (small, medium, and large). Medium Size fits a person weighing between 35 Kg to 65 Kg."
494,Coriander Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Patanjali,24,24,Powdered Spices,4.2,"Patanjali Coriander Powder is the powder obtained by grinding clean, sound, dried mature fruits of Coriandrum Sativum. Add it to bring the aromatic taste of coriander to your food."
495,Dressing - Creamy Caesar,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",American Garden ,270,270,Salad Dressings,3.9,"Vegetable Oil (Soybean and/or Canola), high fructose corn syrup distPickle relish (Cucumber, distilled vinegarm, water, Salt, Xanthan gum, alum), High Fructose Corn Syrup, Water, Cucumber Juice, Tomato Paste, Sugar, Distilled Vinegar, egg Yolk, Contain less tahn 2% of Salt, modified food starch, natural flavor, Spices (catsup Seasoning, allspice, ginger, mustard flour, tumeric), Onion Powder, Propylene glycol alginate, Xanthan gum, Calcium disodium EDTA to Protect flavour, Caramel color."
496,Shishu Taila - For Healthy Skin & Stronger Bones,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Sri Sri Tattva,200,200,Ayurveda,3.5,"Massaging infants has various health benefits and it is a beautiful way of expressing your love and are to them. It is necessary to protect, hydrate and moisturize baby's skin since the beginning. Sri Sri Tattva Shishu Taila is a wonderful blend of exquisite herbs prepared by restoring the essence of Traditional Ayurvedic oil. Suitable for a newborns skin, this oil helps to protect & nourish it effectively. It also helps strengthen infant's bones. Keep the delicate skin of your baby healthy&.ftwithSriSriTattvaShishuTaila.Protects & nourish the baby’s skin.Therapeutic uses: good for the skin.Improves complexion.Reduces skin dryness due to Vata dosha in winter.ItchingGood for hair.Cuts or wounds.Cracked skin.Strengthens tissues & bones.Nourishes tissues.Burning sensation caused by pitta vitiation in summer."
497,Chocolate Flavoured Lubes,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Skore,300,300,Sexual Wellness,2.3,SKORE Lubes is specifically aimed at enhancing your foreplay sessions and promises to drive you and your partner wild with pleasure. Now Foreply in new Chocolate flavour.
498,Free Range Eggs - Omega 3,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Eggs,Happy Hens Farms,150,150,Farm Eggs,3.5,"Happy Hens Farms Eggs are from chickens feed on herbs, grains, in addition to bugs, greens and others in the range which enriches the eggs uniquely. These are providing the strength and energy to patients. Our eggs are hygienically processed and also safely packed for keeping these free from any contamination and impurity. It contains rich nutritional content, protein, rich taste and the fragrance."
499,Whiteglow Skin Whitening & Brightening Gel Creme PA+++ - SPF 25,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lotus Herbals,292.5,390,Face Care,4.3,"Lotus Herbals Whiteglow Skin Whitening & Brightening Gel Cream SPF-25 is an apt product to help you fight the stern rays of the sun and remain tan free for a long period of time, thanks to its SPF 25 PA+++ formulation. It has a one of its kind base that has the amazing combination of a gel and a cream. This unique base facilitates fast absorption, leaving you with youthful looking supple skin that radiates brightness. The mulberry, saxifrage and grape extracts help make the skin brighter, override the harmful effects of skin darkening and lend a beautiful texture to the skin surface post application. Its milk enzymes act as natural fairness agents and lighten the skin tone with a visible difference."
500,Premium Californian Roasted & Salted Pistachios - Value Pack,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,656.25,875,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Happilo has travelled the world to get the finest gourmet dry fruits, Pistachios are a wonderful, fun and tasty snack, which are lightly salted. Crack open the shells to treat your taste buds for a snacking sensation."
501,Active Baby Medium (6-11 kg) - 62 Diapers,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Pampers,1077.02,1099,Diapers,4.4,"Pamper Active Baby Medium Diapers have been planned to offer utmost comfort to your kid. It keeps your baby dry, even under stress, so he can play uninterruptedly. It is flex to fit where your baby needs it nearly all."
502,Nutrition & Health Drink - Pista Badam,Beverages,"Health Drink, Supplement",Complan,315,315,Kids (5+Yrs),4.4,"Complan is a scientifically developed nutrition and health drink with clinically proven formula to give kids’ 2 times faster growth. This milk protein-based formula also supports immune function, helps brain development & functioning. Serve Complan to your kid two times a day as part of their daily balanced diet and help your children grow 2 times faster. Available in 4 delicious flavours - Royale Chocolate, Creamy Classic, Kesar Badam and Pista Badam.Complan is a nutrition and health drink with clinically proven formula to deliver 2 times faster growthContains 100% First Class ProteinContains 34 Vital NutrientsNutrients like Vitamin A, E &C supports immune functionNutrients like Iodine, Iron, Vitamin B12 and Folic Acid helps Brain development and it’s functioningNutrients like Sodium, Potassium & Chloride maintains fluid balance in the bodyCan be consumed with milk or water"
503,Chocolate Biscuits - Cream 4 Fun,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Dukes,25,30,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4,Dukes Bourbon Biscuits                                                                                      
504,Oat Krunch - Dark Chocolate,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Munchys,125,125,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",5,"Moments with crackers have a special place in our lives, bringing us and our families warmly together every day during breakfast, tea or any time you need a munch. It is the ideal product for everyday snacking, and Munchy's Crackers have made it easier than ever. Oat Krunch is Higher in Wholegrain, Trans-fat free with No Preservatives. Made from the Natural goodness of Oats. Packed in a convenient sachet, Oat Krunch is a great snacking companion wherever"
505,Soft & Fresh Soap Bar,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Pears,72,72,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.4,"Pears Soft & Fresh Soap is a multi-purpose soap that cleans your skin and keeps it supple all the time. True to its name, the soap gives you a soft and fresh skin instantly.Its active ingredients moisturize your skin from deep within and keeps it looking clean and the pure glycerin and mint extracts give it an instant cool freshness. Give yourself a refreshing shower every day, buy the Pears Soft & Fresh Soap Bar, right here! For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
506,Oxygen Moisture Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Dove,466.2,630,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.2,"Many of us with fine, flat hair avoid using shampoo to keep our hair feeling light and looking full. But did you know that with a specially designed shampoo for fine hair you can get the look and feel of naturally voluminous, bouncy hair without sacrificing nourishment? The new Dove Oxygen Moisture s is here to add the difference toyour hair. It is made with a transparent, lightweight formula that cleanses and moisturizes hair without weighing it down. Smooth, thicker looking and bouncy, let your hair love itself. Dove Oxygen Moisture Shampoo is designed for flat, fine hair. The nourishing system of Dove Oxygen Moisture Shampoo boosts hair with up to 95% more visible volume and fullness. Infused with Oxyfusion technology, this volumizing shampoo helps give the appearance of naturally bouncy hair that feels smooth and moisturized without being weighed down."
507,"Almond Milk - Unsweetened, Lactose-Free, Plant-Based Milk Alternative",Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Urban Platter,237.5,250,Milk & Soya Drinks,4.2,"Urban Platter Unsweetened Almond Milk contains Premium Almonds from California and mountain spring water from the Himalayas. Make the switch to dairy-free deliciousness you never thought possible. Our Unsweetened original almond milk is infused with plant-based nutrition to keep you and your family healthy. Every serving pours on 40% more calcium than dairy milk. Plus, our almond milk is naturally high in protein, low in fat and packed with vitamins and minerals. Find yourself blown away by the creamy goodness. Pour it over your favourite cereal, add a dash of it to your coffee/tea or pair a glass of it with a warm cookie. Urban Platter - Simply Good Food! :)"
508,Herbal Vedaprash Immunity Booster,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Vedapure,649,649,Ayurveda,3.5,"We at Vedapure believe in the complete natural herbal formulation to care for your overall health by providing nutrition which we miss in day to day life. The day-to-day illness which is common these days, vedaprash chyawanprash can help your body's immunity to fight them. Vedaprash is a great combination of extraordinary taste and exquisite ingredients."
509,"Table Ring - Trivet Round, Dia-13 cm","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Kvg,45,59,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,3.7,"Easy to clean, durable prevets your dinning surface from getting damaged due to hot vessels. Easy to clean"
510,Premium International Healthy Nutmix - Value Pack,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,401.33,599,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Confused about which nuts to take in your diet? Switch to Happilo Healthy Nutmix with an ultra-healthy combination of dry fruits, which give you your daily intake of nutrients. Time to be happy, lovely and healthy." 
511,Non Scratch Sponge,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Scotch brite,57,70,"Utensil Scrub-Pad, Glove",4.3,"Scotch-Brite Non Scratch Sponge is designed to help you with cleaning delicate utensils in your kitchen with care. The Non Scratch Scrub Sponge is a durable solution engineered with both, non woven crimped web and a sponge on either side. Now your glassware, non-stick cookware and other delicate utensils get non-scratch cleaning & the care they deserve!"
512,Premium Care XXXL - 23 Diaper Pants,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Pampers ,850.26,1149,Diapers,3.8,"Pampers baby-dry pants style diapers are the only pants in India with new Air Channels providing your baby with a new type of dryness overnight	 breathable dryness. Magic Gel that locks wetness away for up to 12 hours of dryness. The new & improved product design enables a comfortable fit, closer to the babyâ€™s body. Flexible waistband that adapts to babyâ€™s movements for a comfortable fit. Baby lotion with Aloe Vera helps protect your babyâ€™s delicate skin from diaper rash and irritation. A top layer with cotton-like soft material, for a comfortable nightâ€™s sleep. Fun exterior graphics	 fun designs and characters to enjoy with your baby."
513,Drumstick - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,13,16.25,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"Fresho Organic products are organically grown and handpicked by expert. Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
514,Moisturzing Cream - Intense,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Dr.Batra'S,175,350,Face Care,3.5,"Provide excellent moisture,balance,Provide excellent moisture balance. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
515,Shikakai - Amla and Bhringraj,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Godrej,20.9,22,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.2,"Godrej Shikakai Amla Plus conditioning hair soap is enriched with normal ingredients, namely Shikakai, Amla and Bhringraj that cleanse condition and encourage your hair, keeping it spongy, smooth and shiny. It has Amla Plus conditioning that provides conditioning similar to shampoos. Godrej Shikakai with natural ingredients is a suitable and cheap way to have dirt free, shiny and strong hair. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
516,Amritsari Chhole Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Keya,40.95,63,Blended Masalas,4.1,"Keya Khada Masala blends are whole spice mixes, hand-picked in the right proportion by expert chefs, gently blended and coarse ground to unlock its taste and aroma only while cooking. The magic of aroma-locked Amritsari Chhole Masala comes alive with flavourful bursts of real whole spices."
517,Meswak Toothpaste,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Dabur,426.3,525,Toothpaste,4.3,"Meswak is made from a rare herb, which grows slowly, resisting the brutal forces of nature amidst the sand dunes of Africa and South Asia. Even a small portion of this herb is capable to provide Complete Oral Care. Dabur brings to you, this herb in the form of Incredible Meswak Toothpaste. It is scientifically proven to help reduce tartar and plaque, fight germs and bacteria to keep gums healthy, helps prevent tooth decay, eliminate bad breath and ensure strong teeth, all at once to provide Complete Oral Care."
518,Tofu Supreme - Regular,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Non Dairy,Soyfit,108,120,"Paneer, Tofu & Cream",2.8,soya paneer. Substitute to normal milk paneer with zero cholesterol & high protien. No Refrigeration Required.
519,Honey Sunflower,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tong Garden,110.5,130,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.7,"Brighten your day with these sunflower seeds, chock-full of vitamin E and dripping with honey. Each handful of these sweet morsels is packed with nutritional goodness, satiating hunger and supplying health."
520,Premium Raw Organic Authentic Flaxseeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,59.4,99,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.5,"Happilo Natural Organic Flaxseed is your next smoothie mix-in, all-natural fibre substitute and healthy culinary secret! The facts about flax seeds, it provides a source of omega-3 and fibre and adds a pleasantly nutty flavour to everyday meals.Happilo provides food that is packed with the goodness of nature and taste that will keep you wanting for more. With a range of food items across categories like nuts, dry fruits, dried fruits, berries, seeds, mixed nuts, fusions, nut mix and other healthy items.Each of our products is not only 100% natural but is also made of 100% whole grains. While we stand strongly for health, wherein our products have a clear functional benefit, we believe that taste is the most important element when it comes to Snacks. We strive to bring the best range of snacks to you."
521,Ultra Protect Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Dr Rhazes,340,400,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,3.5,"Dr Rhazes Ultra Protect Hand Spray instantly kills 99.9% of germs, viruses and bacteria and gives your hands and surfaces non-stop protection for 2 hours, in spite of multiple touches. It contains 70% Ethanol and proprietary anti-microbial compounds that protect you from viruses and bacteria for 2 hours, even if you come in contact with infected surfaces or hands. It is completely safe on the skin and Surfaces and does not require water. Dr Rhazes Ultra Protect Hand Spray has been designed and developed in Singapore and is Made in India."
522,Chia Mango Mint Jam,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Prasukh,126,140,"Jams, Marmalade, Spreads",3.5,"Chia seeds are packed with protein, calcium, healthy omega-3 fatty acids and soluble fibre. In fact, the fibre in the chia seeds allows them to absorb liquids to swell up to ten times their original size. Chia seeds also help with weight loss. They help you stay hydrated and are a powerhouse of nutrition. This is a superfood that is packed with all the essential nutrients. Zingy freshness, energy burst... This is what you get with our Chia mango mint jam. It is a unique blend of Alphonso mangoes, fresh mint and calcium-rich chia seeds. It is an irresistible spread that contains no added preservatives and is 100% natural.Not to be consumed by diabetic patients."
523,Asafoetida - Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Double Horse,90.25,95,Powdered Spices,4.3,"Energy: 328 K Cal, Protein 4.0G, Carbohydrates 75.8G, Fat 1.1G, Saturated Fat: 0.75G, Poly Unsaturated Fatty Acid 1.0G, Monounsaturated Fatty Acid 1.2G, Cholesterol 0.0G, Vitamin 0.006G, Minerals 0.73G."
524,"Pure Maple Syrup - Product Of Canada, Grade A, Robust Taste",Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Urban Platter,900,1000,Honey & Maple Syrup,4.7,"Nothing comes close to this finest and pure maple syrup from Canada which we guarantee you is the richest, most delicious, and healthiest maple syrup you've ever had. 100% pure, maple syrup that contains no additives, preservatives, or artificial flavours. All the wholesome natural goodness that flows out of the tree is exactly what you get. Maple syrup can be added to pancakes or cakes or any other dessert to get a refreshing taste. It is extra rich with a naturally sweet and pure flavour, also high in minerals."
525,Flucon Tablets - Fights Allergy Naturally,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Jiva Ayurveda,110,110,Ayurveda,3.5,"This tablet increases the immunity level of the upper respiratory system that eventually protects the body from seasonal sneezing, running nose, cold, headache, heaviness in the chest, cough etc. Ingredients that are used in these formulations control mucus secretions and ensures easy breathing. It balances Vata and Kapha Dosha which are naturally get vitiated in such disorders."
526,Tagara (Valerian) - Tablets,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Himalaya Wellness,145.2,165,Supplements & Proteins,4.8,"Himalaya Tagara Relaxant is an herbal medicine utilized as a kindly agent for the mind. This medicine is prepared from a Valeriana wallichi, herb. The rootstock of this herb is perfumed. It yields fragrant oil, which contains valeric acid. The other medicinal compounds of this herb are valerianine and Valerenic acid. It is a very fine relaxant and used in sleep disorders and insomnia. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
527,Masala - Pav Bhaji,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Eastern,66,66,Blended Masalas,4.1,"Eastern Pav Bhaji Masala endeavours to offer the consumer and familiarity of authentic, home-made food at a reasonable price. This is 100% natural and has zero preservatives. The Pav bhaji masala is a combine of spices such as chilli, pepper, coriander seeds, dry mango powder etc. that make the flavor of the bhaji all the more stimulating. By adding this combine in your Pavbhaji, you will get the real tang of Mumbai Pavbhaji."
528,Cereal Flip Lid Container/Storage Jar - Assorted Colour,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,79,107,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",4.6,"Multipurpose container with an attractive design and made from food-grade plastic for your hygiene and safety ideal for storing pulses. Grains, spices, and more with easy opening and closing flip-open lid.Strong, durable and transparent body for longevity and easy identification of contents. Multipurpose storage solution for your daily needs stores your everyday food essentials in style with the Nakoda container set. With transparent bodies, you can easily identify your stored items without having to open the lids. These containers are ideal for storing a large variety of items such as food grains, snacks and pulses to sugar, spices, condiments and more. Featuring unique flip-open lids, you can easily open and close this container without any hassles."
529,Greek Yogurt Smoothie - Strawberry,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Epigamia ,49,70,Milk & Soya Drinks,4,"Epigamia Smoothies is just Like the lassi, with the added fuel of high protein and with real fruits for stimulating taste. This preservative-free smoothie is an ideal snack that will tame your hunger in no time.So say no to the all the junk and enjoy a healthy and tasty treat with Epigamia Smoothies. Tame your sweet craving with this tasty smoothie."
530,Marvel Spiderman Metal Kids Pencil Box,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Hm International,149,149,Exam Pads & Pencil Box,3,"This licensed character themed pencil box is made of metal for long lasting durability. It provides better safeguarding to all personal and valuable items with a reliable lock system. The multi-level storage, divided by a tray, is useful enough to store and organize all the necessary stationery. The all-over printed part is the best part of the pencil box."
531,Jeera Nibbles,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Dukes,39,50,Salted Biscuits,4.1,"Dukes Jeera Nibbles is a tasty and crunchy baked snack, that gives you a typical Indian taste to fall in love with the delicious flavour of this crispy bite. This snack coupled with tea/coffee can really make your mornings and evenings full of happiness."
532,Pure Aloe Vera Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Jeva,107,150,Body Care,3.7,"Bring the lost glow back to your face with this Jeva Pure Aloe Vera Gel. It is your one-stop solution to prevent aging and add a natural glow. Enriched with Aloe Vera extracts this gentle gel will leave your skin moisturized for up to 72 hours.Made with real natural Aloe Vera, Jeva Aloe Vera Gel is free from chemicals and works wonders for skin and hair.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
533,Organic Quinoa Power Rice Cake,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Wise Crack,126.65,149,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Wise Crack Organic Quinoa Power Rice Cake is a healthy alternative to bread, rotis, puris and chips. It's your anytime healthy snack. You can pair it up with your favourite topping or dips."
534,Hair Styling Gel - High Hold With Wet Looks,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Man Arden,299,299,Hair Care & Styling,3.5,"With Man Arden Hair Styling Gel you can boast of a casual or funky cool wet-look hairstyle whenever you want with least effort. The viscosity and texture suits every hair type. Your hair shafts attain the grip they need to stay in place and maintain the desired shape. There are no flaky residues or risk of hair drying out by using this hair gel. Free from potentially harmful chemicals and loaded with natural ingredients, Man Arden Hair Styling Gel is second to none. High Hold Unlike most of the other hair gels, multiple applications are not needed to preserve your desired hairstyle. You are assured of a long-lasting hold regardless of your hair type, whether it is straight, curly or wavy. Your hair stays tamed and in place, the way you styled it at the beginning of the day, for hours. Moisturized & Smooth Your hair not only looks great. The well-conditioned hair also feels great. "
535,Brazil - Single Origin Dark Chocolate,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Toska Chocolates,320,320,"Luxury Chocolates, Gifts",5,"Tasting Toska’s single origin Brazil chocolate, is like indulging in a waterfall of intense cocoa flavors, intensified with amazing bitters and refreshing sours. The result is a wonderfully complex chocolate with powerful cocoa chords and bitter notes. They soon make place for a wave of fresh fruity and acid flavors that linger on for minutes. Toska Chocolates is a small batch, Gourmet, Artisan, Bean-To-Bar Chocolate Brand. Toska Chocolates doesn't use any kind of bad vegetable fat, our chocolate is made from well fermented and well-dried cocoa beans. The well-fermented and well-dried cocoa beans allow us to give the best flavour          our Dark Chocolates profile to our chocolate without using any kind of extra sugar unlike regular chocolates and are vegan, gluten-free hence makes our chocolates Healthy. Along with being healthy and very low on sugar and Keto-Friendly"
536,Sesame Chikki,Snacks & Branded Foods,Indian Mithai,Paper Boat,300,300,Chikki & Gajjak,4,"The crunch of golden roasted sesame seeds, the earthy sweetness of jaggery - it is a match made in heaven. Imagine heavenly blend simply melting in your mouth as you're transcended back to fonder days, Yass, that's what we are talking about! But don't take our word for it, go on, give it a try, you'll come back again for more, we swear!"
537,Jerk Sauce,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Bechef,160,200,Chilli & Soya Sauce,5,Bechef Jerk Sauce is Delicious Hot Sauce and marinade made in Jamaican Style. This Hot Sauce is famous for its peppery finish and rounded flavours imparted by Allspice and Soya Sauce.
538,Organic Elicoidali Pasta,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Anmara,396,495,Pastas & Spaghetti,5,"We at Anmara, are driven to bring the highest quality artisanal foods to your home kitchen. Ensure a careful selection of raw material for all our pasta. The final product has been crafted using long-established & time-honoured Italian processes."
539,Elegant Fruit Center Filled Choco Assortment,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,KOKOLEKA,267.75,315,"Marshmallow, Candy, Jelly",5,"To wish your sweetheart with all the love of your heart, you got to have something endearing like the one displayed here. Buy Kokoleka Grand Fruit Center Filled Choco Assortments which is good in taste. It doesn't matter if time has drifted you apart you still can make up for it by reminding your friend that you still love them. Buy Kokoleka Royal Fruit Center Filled Choco Assortments."
540,"Basting Brush Kitchen Oil Cooking Tool - Silicon Plastic, Pink/Peach Assorted, BB1166","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Bakeware,Casasunco,139,189,Baking Tools & Brushes,4.4,"This pink coloured kitchen brush is useful kitchen tool when it comes to cooking. These brushes come handy for applying oil while cooking food, barbequing or to add drizzles while making pastries. The brushes are made of silicone and silicone being heat resistant, can be directly used on hot food. Whereas, the handle of the brush is made using high quality plastic material. The brushes cool quickly and are easy to clean, lightweight, non-stick, flexible and easy to handle."
541,Baby Powder With Fragrance,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Pigeon,99,99,Baby Powder,3.8,"It is mild & gentle on the skin of your babies. Enriched with organic extracts of chamomile, rosehip and organic olive oil, Pigeon baby powder with mild fragrance keeps the skin soft and smooth, giving it a fresh, dry and comfortable feeling."
542,Supple Bounce Body Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Dove,105.6,110,Body Care,4.5,"Enjoy the feeling of soft, supple & bouncy skin with New Dove, Nourishing Care, Supple Bounce Body Elasticizing Lotion enriched with NutriDUO that nourishes your skin deep down (within stratum corneum). It results in an irresistibly supple, bouncy, radiant skin that’s smooth to the touch. Its unique formulation combines rich nourishment and white tea extract, well known as an effective antioxidant, for more invigorating effect. So it’s supple and bouncy. Its fast-absorbing lotion is formulated with a plant-based moisturizer with goodness that lasts. It is dermatologically tested. While you enjoy your active lifestyle, it also exposes you to multiple aggressors which maymake your body skin loose, rough and dull. Give your body the Dove Difference: Made with care."
543,Glass Serving Mixing Bowl,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Gupta Glass Ideas,169,299,Glassware,2.8,"Famous for high quality and performance, we pour all our experience into creating beautifully designed, practical products like our trendsetting range. Strikingly elegant in every table setting, every piece helps transform simple gatherings into stylish occasions. Can be safely used in the microwave, oven, fridge, freezer and dishwasher. Unlike plastic will not leech chemicals into your food even over repeated usage. The non-porous glass will not absorb stains or odours. You can serve you're guests with yummy salads, puddings and vegetables by preparing them in this clear transparent glass bowl.Benefits: Stain Resistant3 Layered GlassFreezer SafeChip ResistantPatterns won’t wash, wear or scratch off"
544,Tawa Pav Bhaji Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Keya,39.6,66,Blended Masalas,4,"Keya Tawa Pav Bhaji Masala is an exotic blend made from the choicest of ingredients, that are hand-picked in the right proportion, gently blended and coarse ground to unlock taste and aroma only while cooking. Prepared by expert chefs, the magic of aroma-locked Tawa Pav Bhaji Masala comes alive with great taste and flavour."
545,"Bathing Bar Soap - Germ Protection, Original",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Dettol,335.81,440,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.3,"Dettol is one of the worlds most trusted antiseptic protection brand which gives you 99. 99% protection against disease causing bacteria, germs and es. Their body bathing bar is guaranteed to provide you 100% better freshness than the other ordinary bodywashes. It is refreshing and rejuvenating properties will brighten up your mornings and will leave you energised and smelling great. | With nourishing moisturisers that make skin softer and smoother. | Use as a part of personal hygiene for healthy skin everyday. | Dermatologically tested to be safe on skin. | Recommended by the Indian Medical Association."
546,Nylon Rope,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,SSS,80,80,Other Plastic Ware,4.2,Nylon rope is know for its elasticity and ability to absord tremendous shock loads
547,Cleaner - Jewelery,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Weiman,575,575,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.5,Rinse with water and wipe dry for picture-perfect results.
548,Tasty Ragi Chivda,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Graminway,99,99,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Graminway Tasty Ragi Chivda will satisfy the taste buds of all age group people from children to adult. This Ragi Chivda is a perfect mix of ragi, spiced sev, and puffed rice. A snack that combines the nutritional values of ragi or foxtail millet with a crunchy texture and yummy flavours! At Graminway, they believe that everyone deserves to live a full and healthy life. The intake of their food supplements will provide a good foundation for a healthy lifestyle. They are committed to providing the highest quality products at affordable price. They are a company with a purpose beyond profit and want to make a lasting difference in the world. Graminway aims to provide clean, natural, and healthy products without compromising on the flavours and taste. They produce them in small batches, which helps maintain freshness and preserve the ingredient texture."
549,Crunchy & Creame Wafer Biscuit - Vanilla,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Harveys,89.1,99,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",3.3,"This Harveys Crunchy & Creame is the crispiest & crunchiest cream-filled wafer. These crispy, sweet snacks are kids favourite, With there waffle surface pattern & thin layer, usually accompanied by ice cream. The other bakery products are incredible snacks which anyone can enjoy anytime, good munching partner while travelling and preferred by kids. Also, it is having zero trans fat."
550,Fevicryl - Pearl Kit,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Pidilite,108,110,Colours & Crayons,4.2,"This Fevicryl Kit Provides all Type of Colours required to Professional Artists.Enjoy painting with a wide range of Fevicryl Acrylic colours. These are fast-drying colours that are water-soluble but become water-resistant when dry. Available to you in a number of different shades and sizes. You can use them to decorate a variety of bases, such as earthenware, leather, glass, wood, paper and canvas. These colours are ready to use and do not require any special additives for preparation. This product is suitable for painting on clothes, glass, mirrors, and transparent acrylic sheets."
551,"Deluxe Granite Non-Stick Omni Tawa, 250 mm (36301)","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Prestige,870,1020,Tawa & Sauce Pan,3.5,"Prestige Omega Deluxe Granite 5-layered non-stick cookware series is made using German technology and it lasts three times longer than ordinary non-stick cookware. Its special spatter-coated surface looks new for longer and is also metal-spoon friendly. Omega Deluxe Granite can be used on both gas and induction cook-tops. Prestige Omega Deluxe Granite series comes with 5 layer coating. Topcoat - The highly efficient PTFE coating gives special granite finish to the cookware making it more attractive. Reinforced Spatter coat (2 layers) - Spatter coat helps in making the cookware look new for longer. This coat ensures that the cookware is metal spoon friendly and convenient to use. Intermediate Coat - This coat helps in even heating and also in retaining non-stick properties and making it durable."
552,"Granola - Choco, Almond & Cookies",Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Fit & Flex,245,265,Granola & Cereal Bars,3.5,"Granola often considered as a breakfast food or a snack is a mixture consisting of rolled oats, nuts, seeds, honey or other sweeteners. Highly nutritious, this snack food can boost up your energy in a small serving as it is power-packed with the recommended daily requirement of nutrients and vitamins. Fit & Flex Granola is baked with multigrain crispies that consists of Wheat, Oats, Rice, Maize flour. It is loaded with Chocolaty Cookies along with traces of Almond Flakes. Our granola is perfectly baked from all side until it attains a crispy, toasted and golden-brown coloured desired texture to give you that feeling of a crunchy snack."
553,Peanut Brittle - With Jaggery,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Lindberg,119,199,"Luxury Chocolates, Gifts",3.5,Lindberg Brittles are Peanut based jaggery brittles enroped with chocolate. A perfect mix of crunchy praline and luscious chocolate.
554,For Man Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Jacques Bogart,2415,3450,Eau De Toilette,2,"Use this everlasting wonderful perfume to stay fresh all day. The captivating fragrance of this perfume from the brand Jacques Bogart is perfect to cheer your mood. Apply it to the pulse points like on your wrist, behind the ear, near the neck, behind the knee and on your elbows for the fragrance to last long."
555,"Novawhite Glutathione & Vitamin C Cream - For Men & Women, Suitable For all Skin Types",Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Bionova,675,675,Face Care,3.5,"Combination of glutathione, vitamin C, niacin, collagen peptides and Siberian ginseng. Novawhite Glutathione lotion is a pain-free solution for brighter looking skin. It is an effective skin- lightening and wrinkle-reducing complex. Prolonged exposure to UV radiation and harmful pollutants leads to skin sagging, which in turn, reduces the skin luminosity and skin tone uniformity. Novawhite glutathione lotion restores the skin’s natural luminosity by improving the moisture absorption of the skin and suppressing the free-radical activity."
556,"Klick Lead - 10HB, 10 Leads",Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Camlin,98,100,"Pen,Pencils",3.5,"Klick Lead 0.5 Mm (Hb 10) - 10 Leads is made with high polymer leads, one can expect smooth and breakage free writing while using these."
557,Bhumyalakki Tablets,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Muniyal Ayurveda,120,120,Ayurveda,3.5,"Bhumiamlaki tablets supports healthy blood sugar, liver and kidney effectively. These herbs are specially selected and manually graded to give best products. It is formulated to support the proper function of the gallbladder. The capsule helps to detoxify the liver and stimulate the urinary system."
558,Juice/Milk Mugs,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Yera,229,280,Glassware,3,"Yera is the pioneer in India’s glass Industry since 1958 and traditionally known for making high quality glassware products at the best prices We are a 100% Made in India Brand. Yera is a trusted name that has reached in almost every household of India. Now enjoy your favourite drinks with this crystal clear,non-toxic,easy to clean Yera Tumblers at best price.These high quality yet stylish range of robust Tumblers are available in variety of shapes with plain and moulded designs.These light weight,durable,easy to use glassware are heat and scratch resistant. So Now serve yourn guests juice,water and even alcoholic drink during parties."
559,Pizza Topping,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,HappyChef,139,189,"Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin",3.5,"Making restaurant-style pizzas at home has never been easier. Add our Happy Chef Pizza Topping to take your pizzas, sandwiches, burgers to the next level. The best quality baby corn, jalapenos, red bell peppers, yellow bell peppers & olives used in the topping will make your dishes healthier, crunchier, and tastier. Carry all that you need to make a pizza in a single bottle anywhere, anytime!"
560,Shaving Foam,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Red Hunt,68,85,Shaving Care,2.5,Effective and rich lather acts as a lubricant that makes razor glide for a smooth and comfortable shaving experience.
561,Mix - Rava Dosai,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Gits,60,60,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.3,"Gits Rava Dosai Mix is a tasty, crunchy, semolina pancake, prepared plain or with spicy vegetable/mince filling. It is usually served with sambhar and coconut chutney."
562,Aloe Vera - Organically grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Exotic Fruits & Veggies,Fresho,40,50,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
563,"Green Tea - Mint, Good morning",Beverages,Tea,Wagh Bakri,75,150,Green Tea,4.5,Improves & stimulates Digestion.Mint is Popular for its cool flavour & subtle aroma.it is one of the oldest herbs & is also blessed with medicinal properties.
564,Bathing Soap - Cucumber & Coconut,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Himalaya,99.36,120,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.2,"Himalaya Herbals Refreshing Cucumber Soap is enriched with extracts of nut grass that sooth and moisturize the skin. It has turmeric which keeps the skin due to its antibacterial activities. The Cucumber sooth, rinse and energize and Oil of Coconut nourishes and moisturizes skin.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
565,Imitation - Crab Sticks,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Gadre,195,195,Frozen Fish & Seafood,3.5,"Gadre Jus-Like Crab Stick Ingredients: Surimi (Fish Meat, Sugar, Polyphosphate), Water, Wheat Starch, Corn Starch, Tapioca Stacrh, Salt, Crab Extract, Monosodium glutamtae, Mirin, Sorbitol, Sodium d-Gluconate, Glycine, Sugar, Modified Tapioca Starch, Egg White Powder, Nature identical, Crab Flavour, Carrageenan, Carmine colour, Paprika colour."
566,Shot Body Spray - Royal Jade,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Layerr,165.75,195,Men's Deodorants,4.5,"For those who like to show the world outside what they are inside. Layerr presents Layerr Shot, Indias first clear fragrant body spray for men. An exquisite array of powerful international fragrances in clear bottles that show you whats inside from the outside."
567,Camne Vid,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dabur,572,572,Ayurveda,3.5,"Dabur Camne Vid is an effective and potent Ayurvedic formulation for men and it helps them restore vigour and vitality and improve their sexual performance. This medicine is used for increasing sperm count and is a powerful aphrodisiac for men. It is a mix of unique medicinal plants that help to increase the sperm count, treat premature ejaculation, and sexual weakness."
568,Madrid - Dessert Spoons,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,FNS,359,510,"Cutlery, Spoon & Fork",5,"Embracing beauty with opulence, Madrid's hammer finish handle is the paradigm of perfection to impress your guestsIt contains 6 pc spoons. Made of stainless steel, dishwasher safe, anti rust, hammer finish on gives madrid a designer look perfect to impress guests."
569,Raw Chia Basil Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,450,450,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"True Elements brings to you Chia Basil Raw Seeds that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. The basil seeds are a little larger than chia seeds but have a similar nutritional profile. Chia seeds contain more than twice the omega-3 fat but a little less fibre compared to basil seeds. They swell and form a gel when soaked. Chia seeds have no taste they adapt to any dish that they are added to. Basil seeds on the other hand have a mild flavour of basil. They can be used in smoothies and baked goods. It also can be sprinkled on a salad, porridges, ice cream, oatmeal, yoghurt, etc."
570,Jalapeno Pasta Sauce 385 g + Sriracha Chilli Sauce 185 g + Hot Sauce 75 ml,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Habanero,475.2,528,Chilli & Soya Sauce,3.5,"Habanero Jalapeno Pasta Sauce 385 g: Our delicious and chunky sauce is made from fresh, natural ingredients and with an extra helping of Jalapenos to spice up your day. Habanero pasta sauce is slowly simmered to give you an authentic taste. Enjoy our sauce with your favourite pasta or vegetables. Habanero Sriracha Chilli Sauce 185 g: Habanero Sriracha Chilli Sauce – Add a tinge of flavour to every dish with our Sriracha Sauce. A delicious mix of fermented jalapeno chilli pepper, garlic, sugar, salt, and vinegar. Our Sriracha Sauce adds the tanginess to anything you cook. Relish the sauce with Fried, Rice cakes, sandwiches, fried vegetables, burgers, pizza and more. Habanero Hot Sauce 75 ml: Habanero's Hot Sauce is a yummy and spicy condiment for your fries and burgers."
571,"Shot Body Spray - Gold, Passion",Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Layerr,175.5,195,Body Sprays & Mists,4.3,"For those who like to show the world outside what they are inside. Layerr presents Layerr Shot, Indias first clear fragrant body spray for men. An exquisite array of powerful international fragrances in clear bottles that show you whats inside from the outside."
572,Toilex With Roundy Cont.- Vf,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Gala,220,220,Toilet & Other Brushes,2,Gala India's one of the largest manufacturer of home cleaning tools brings out Round Shape Toilet Brush with nylon bristles which are flexible & durable. Attractive containers to hold the brush & ensure no messy floor.
573,"Toilet Roll - 4 Rolls, 3 ply",Cleaning & Household,"Disposables, Garbage Bag",Paseo,325,325,Toilet Paper,4.1,"The perfect blend of pure fibre and pure softness ensuring you get nothing less than pure luxury. The PASEO difference lies in tissues that are free from optical brightening agent, hypoallergenic and made from 100% virgin plantation fibre."
574,Pumpkin Oil - Cold Pressed,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Health 1st,625,625,Flavoured & Other Oils,3.5,"Pumpkin Oil is a highly nutritious and power-packed oil. It is rich in natural Vitamin E, phytosterol and unsaturated fatty acids. It has a smooth nutty flavour. Any dish cooked with this oil tastes better and different than usual. Additionally, it also adds a lot of health benefits to the dish you are consuming the oil with."
575,Darjeeling White Teabags - Reeti,Beverages,Tea,Teamonk,525,875,Exotic & Flavoured Tea,3.5,"If belonging to nature was a virtue, Reeti White Tea would be the unambiguous winner. Of nature, for nature and completely true to its nature, this tea is the right name for Natural Propensity in Sanskrit. The delicate 'Pak ho' buds are plucked by thin nimble fingers to produce this exquisite white tea. The processing enriches it with the goodness of nature, combined with sun-drying and pan-frying, giving a tea that brims with vitality."
576,Twin Bucket Spin Mop - Green - 2 Refills,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Scotch brite,1150,1300,"Mops, Wipers",2.8,"The Scotch-Brite Twin Bucket Spin Mop has a sturdy 360 degree telescopic handle which is height adjustable and helps you reach nooks and corners of your house. The twin bucket mechanism helps you wash and wring the mop head easily. The microfiber refill ensures that it picks up even fine dust and hair. Overall the Scotch-Brite twin bucket spin mop is very easy to store and use which makes cleaning an easy task for all."
577,Expanding Folder,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,B Vishal,224,329,"Notebooks, Files, Folders",3.6,"The expanding folder holds loose papers and money together for organization and protection. They are often used in conjunction with a filing cabinet for storage. Super-durable poly material provides waterproof and tear-resistant performance. Ideal for school, work, or home. The handy file folder creates valuable space for important papers and documents, keeping everything neatly sorted into sections."
578,Mouthwash Liquid - Cool Mint With Mild Taste,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Listerine,220.5,245,Mouthwash,4.3,"Brushing can miss a billion germs, which may lead to various oral problems like bad breath, bleeding gums and plaque. Protect your mouth with this less intense, Alcohol-free Listerine mouthwash that reaches your whole mouth and removes 99.9% germs. With patented essential oil formulation, Listerine CoolMint Mild Taste Mouthwash deeply penetrates to remove bacteria in plaque biofilm. Listerine Mouthwash does more than just give fresh breath by providing 24-hour protection against germs causing gum problems, bad breath and plaque with twice-daily use. This mouthwash features a less-intense alcohol-free formula and cool mint flavour that works to leave your mouth feeling clean and refreshed than brushing alone."
579,Quick Chai Masala,Beverages,Tea,Tata Tea,109.2,140,Leaf & Dust Tea,3.5,"There’s tea, and then there’s chai- that fresh, ghar-waali, full-on taste you only get when tea’s been boiled! Enjoy Tata Tea Quick Chai that is made just the way you would at home - boiled with milk & sugar before converting it to powder. This instant tea mix comes in a delicious natural masala flavour, just add hot water and have a pleasant evening! Masala chai made with the perfect blend of spices- Nutmeg, Ginger and Clove, it’s ready in a jiffy and tastes the same. Because when it comes to chai, we know you wouldn’t have it any other way!"
580,Non Alcoholic Beverage - Mango Chilli Mojito Mixer,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,JIMMY'S COCKTAILS,99,99,Cocktail Mixes,3.5,"Jimmy’s Cocktails brings to you Mango Chilli Mojito that is a refreshing summer twist on the classic Mojito cocktail. It is made with Indian Alphonso mango, Persian limes, mint, cane sugar and a hint of red chilli. It is finely crafted and infused with natural flavours. Jimmy's provides a convenient and consistent solution for serving a delicious Mojito cocktail. It is a non-alcoholic mix that can be mixed with what you like. This mix has a consistently smooth texture and gives you a complex balance of sour and sweet notes. Enjoy it straight up as a mocktail or you can even mix it with rum or vodka."
581,Intimate Lightening Serum,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Namyaa,750,750,Intimate Wash & Care,4,"We all adore flawless skin and wish to have a perfect skin tone to feel confident and happy. However, no one enjoys those darker skins of intimate areas due to extra pigmentation, scars or cellulite. Keeping this need in mind, Namyaa skincare has developed a revolutionary Intimate Skin Whitening Gel, specially formulated to let your intimate skin of delicate areas become flawless. This great formula not only lightens the dark pigmentation but also removes cellulite and scars of the skin to make it radiant and flowing. During this treatment, the skin of those delicate areas also tightens to gain its perfect shape and reduces the wrinkles caused by softening of the tissues. It's time to regain your lost confidence, no more embarrassment for your darker areas, get a flawless and graceful skin of intimate areas by Namyaa Intimate Skin Whitening gel in just 6 to 8 weeks."
582,Olive Oil - Pomace,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,La Espanola,309,889,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",3.5,"La Espanola Pomace Olive Oil is superbly suited for grilling and roasting due to its ability to withstand high temperatures without losing any of its natural goodness. The smooth and subtle flavor makes our Classic Olive Oil a versatile addition to your cooking routine. Characterized by mild flavor and aroma. La Espanola Pomace Olive Oil offers a smooth blend of pleasant bitterness, fruit, and spice. Well-balanced and easygoing, our Classic Pomace Olive Oil will gently enrich and complement the flavors of your dish. The high smoking point and subtle character make it a go-to for grilling or roasting vegetables and meats at high temperatures. La Espanola Pomace Olive Oil is a versatile staple for all kitchens. Whether you own a business or are cooking at home, our full range of formats offers the right size for you."
583,X-Tenso Care Straight Masque,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,LOreal Professionnel,685,685,Hair & Scalp Treatment,4,"L'Oreal Professional X-Tenso Care Straight Masque Serving as a complete solution for the management of frizzy and rough hair, this masque uses the innovative Pro-Keratin plus Incel technology that provides intensive nourishment to damaged and unmanageable hair. Here, Pro-Keratin acts like a shield and protects the scalp from harsh weather conditions and all those pollutants that deteriorate hair quality. Incel (Intra Cuticular Reinforcement) is typically a lipid that perforates hair cuticles and helps in the protection and repair of unmanageable hair, from deep within. Specially formulated with added amino acids, this masque brings life into dull tresses to make them smooth and glossy. It treats unmanageable hair, as well as strengthens and toughens hair fibres from the roots, thus making them attractive, bouncy, and thick."
584,Monosodium Glutamate,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Puramate,31.5,35,"Baking, Cake Decorations",4.5,"Monosodium glutamate (MSG) adds flavor to soups, sauces, seasonings, and instant snacks. It is a taste enhancer imparts a sixth sense, described as savory, in addition to the five basic tastes like sweet, spicy, bitter, sour and salty."
585,Pomace Olive Oil,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Fragata,325,325,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",3.5,"Fragata, backed by an experience of over a century, offers a selection of the finest Spanish olive oils in order to meet the specific needs & cooking habits of Spain and all other countries around the world.The traditional olive oil and olive pomace oil are ideal as a basic element of stews or for frying foods, preserving and highlighting the delicate flavours of prepared meals."
586,"Puppy Dog Treat - Chicken & Liver Chunks, (Rs 25 Off ) Value Saver Pack","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Pedigree,465,500,Pet Meals & Treats,4.5,"Pedigree Gravy is a nutritious and balanced food for your pet dog. Made with high-quality ingredients, Pedigree provides dogs with the 5 Signs of Good Health - stronger immune system, strong muscles, optimal digestion, strong bones & teeth and healthy skin and coat. Containing a higher moisture content, Pedigree gravy food pouches are ideal to keep your pooch hydrated and energetic. It can be mixed with any meal - Pedigree dry food or home-cooked food - to enhance taste and improve moisture-content.Pedigree dog food is suited for all puppy breeds from Pugs, Beagle to Labrador, Golden Retriever & German shepherd."
587,Masala - Vegetable,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Eastern,43.7,46,Blended Masalas,4.1,"Eastern Vegetable Masala is a great blend of excellence spices and condiments to make savory, nourishing vegetable curries. It takes the reliable Indian flavor right to your kitchen. It is 100% vegetarian and has dietary fibre which assists digestion and satisfies hunger."
588,Cheese - Mozzarella & Cheddar,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Dairy Craft,240,240,International Cheese,3.5,"A unique combination of mozzarella & cheddar, that gives the pizza a great flavour. Mozzarella cheese aids in perfect melting over pizzas. While the subtle nutty taste of cheddar adds that extra aroma."
589,Baby Oil With Fruit Extracts,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Mee Mee,343.2,429,Baby Oil & Shampoo,3.5,"Gentle enough to be used from birth, Mee Mee olive baby oil blends olive oil and sunflower seed and oil making it ideal for your baby's daily massage. It is micro-biologically tested to suit your baby. Olive oil keeps the skin soft and beautiful. Ideal for a smooth massage on a baby's delicate skin."
590,Soya Milk - Vanilla,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Non Dairy,Sofit ,77.17,105,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4.2,"Want to do more with your day? Make the Vanilla flavored SOFIT a part of your balanced diet and have the energy to do more! SOFIT Soya Milk is a Delicious Healthy Drink for everyone in the Family. Enriched with Soy Proteins, Omega-3, Vitamins & Calcium, it gives you Healthy Energy to do more. Available in 4 More Delicious Flavors: Chocolate, Mango, Kesar Pista, & Coffee Mocha"
591,Sunlite Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Magic ,475,475,Face Care,3.5,"Aroma Magic Sunlite Spray is formulated with moringa extract and lavender, chamomile and helichrysum essential oil. It contains Vitamin B5, C, E and keeps you safe from the harmful sun rays. It is free from oxybenzone, paraben, harsh chemicals, alcohol and artificial fragrance. It has a non-greasy formula that creates a barrier between the skin and the sun."
592,Max Fresh New Super Plastic Lunch Box/Tiffin Box - Blue,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Cello,469,602,Lunch Boxes,4.5,"Presenting an international concept cello max fresh products are made of sturdy fabric hygienic stainless steel containers for storing food free from any health hazard and fresh for long hours. As the name itself states cello max fresh, now enjoy freshly packed food in these airtight stainless steel containers. The lunch pack consists of food-grade containers made of stainless steel packed in a soft fabricated carry pouch which makes it easy to carry and ideal for office, school and travelling. The lid of the containers consists of food-grade silicone seal that locks in the freshness and retains the moisture of food for long hours. Stop your worries of spilling of food contents from the lunch box cello max fresh lunch packs is one shop solution that addresses all your precautions before carrying lunch."
593,Fruit Yoghurt - Mango,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Milky Mist,79,160,Yogurt & Shrikhand,4,"Milky Mist Fruit yogurt Mango is favorite among many because of its silky consistency, real fruit pulp and tang-free, pudding quality. It offers the taste of real fruit Mango. The fruit, grain & nut mix-ins give lively flavor to yoghurt."
594,Chipotle Pepper Sauce,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Tabasco,749,749,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",4.8,"Tabasco - Chipotle Pepper Sauce (Smoked Red Jalapeno Flavour) is a perfect topper for all your favourite foods. Add a few drops to the following for the ideal balance of slow-smoked heat and flavour: Soups, BBQ Sauce, Corn Chips, Salad Dressing, Chili, Dips, Burritos, Tacos, Fajitas, Grilled Vegetables. It can be poured over meats and vegetables when grilling or marinating."
595,Dairy Milk Black Forest - Imported,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Cadbury,350,350,International Chocolates,5,"Cadbury Dairy Milk Black Forest is milk chocolate that is made with the best quality of milk chocolate and black forest cake. It is a perfect mix of rich milk with creamy and silk chocolate. It is a 100% vegetarian chocolate bar. This chocolate has a creamy taste and texture. It is a great snack bar or a sweet treat. This delicious milk chocolate is sweet. Dairy milk is the best selling chocolate bar in the world. It is now available in different flavours and sizes. It is a good source of calcium which help maintain the bones density. It is well suited for your dessert need or for your sweet collection. Perfect for your every day special moments, sharing or gift-giving with your friends and family."
596,Organic Brown Sugar/Sakkare,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,MeraKisan,77,77,"Organic Sugar, Jaggery",4.1,"MeraKisan Organic Brown Sugar is a sucrose sugar product with a distinctive brown colour due to the presence of molasses. Because of its molasses content, MeraKisan Organic Brown Sugar does contain certain minerals, most notably calcium, potassium, iron and magnesium. Make it a healthy replacement for your regular sugar for a better living."
597,Ready to Eat - Chicken Darbari,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Kitchens Of India,190,200,Heat & Eat Ready Meals,3.9,Kitchens of India Darbari Chicken offer rich smell of the timeless preparations is the results of a great mix of tradition and cooking expertise. The right ingredients at just the right proportions culminate to a mouth watering feast of flavors. Chunks of tender chicken cooked with rich butter-laced tomato gravy bring a mouth watering practice like no other.
598,Nuts Hazelnuts regular,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Sapphire,400,400,"Luxury Chocolates, Gifts",3,Sapphire Nuts Hazelnuts regular 175 g
599,Roasted Sunflower Pumpkin & Flax Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,500,500,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.2,"True Elements brings to you Roasted Sunflower Pumpkin & Flax Seeds that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. It is perfectly crunchy and is 100% natural and high-quality. These seeds are slightly roasted to get maximum health benefits and the right crunch. This combination of seeds contains vitamins, minerals, essential amino acids, antioxidants, fatty acids, etc. that are important for your health. It is a great mid-meal snack, sprinkled over breakfast or soups."
600,Organic Paneer,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Farm Connect,115,125,"Paneer, Tofu & Cream",3.1,"Farm Connect Paneer gives you the authentic taste of homemade paneer. This creamy and tasty Paneer is made from farm-fresh milk free from antibiotics, hormones, adulterants, preservatives, artificial additives or emulsifiers. Organic paneer is made from organic milk. Organic milk is obtained from cows who obtain at least 30% of their diet from pasture. It is good for you as it is farm fresh, pure and safe and has a high taste. It is also good for the globe as it is farmer friendly, animal-friendly and chemical free. It contains no chemicals, no adulteration, no preservatives and no artificial substances."
601,"Multipurpose Plastic Basket - Laundry/Clothes, Blue, Oval",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Ratan,149,230,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",3.6,These laundry baskets are sturdy and easy to handle. These are easy to carry and are perfect to keep your home clean. You can store loads of clothes at once without any hassle. These can also be used as a dustbin to keep your home free from scrap. Use it anywhere in your house as per your need to keep the home scrap-free.
602,"Man-In-Charge - Aqua Blue, Eau De Parfum",Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,OGA,700,700,Eau De Parfum,3.5,"This fragrance has marine nuances with aromatic notes like Lavender, Rosemary and Mint in the top. It also has sharp green hints along with Woody, Ambery, Mossy base. It contains woods like Cedarwood, Sandalwood along with floral notes like Geranium and Spices like Coriander. This fragrance will keep you fresh and lift your mood instantly."
603,Ayurvedic Karela Powder,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Meghdoot,60,60,Ayurveda,3.5,"The Meghdoot's Karela Powder is an ayurvedic remedy which helps in regulating blood sugar level. It is enriched with pure karela extracts, it helps in regulating carbohydrate metabolism. This is useful in curing blood related disorders and is also beneficial for healthy functioning of the liver. It helps to maintain healthy blood sugar level. It is free from chemicals, preservatives, starch, additives, colours, yeast, binders, fillers."
604,Sweetss - Badam halwa,Snacks & Branded Foods,Indian Mithai,Sangam Sweets,600,600,Fresh Sweets,3.5,"A delicacy rooted in indian tradition, badam halwa is indispensable for celebrations of any kind. It is good to have on normal days too! Infact, grandmas unfailingly advice their grandchildren to have a spoonful of this wholesome halwa every morning, all through the winter. This is one delicious morning ritual nobody would want to skip!"
605,Pre Shave Foam - Classic Sensitive Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Gillette,180,225,Shaving Care,4.3,Simple.Honest.Classic. That's the Gillette Foam shave. The lightly fragranced for Sensitive Skin lather spreads easily and rinses clean for that foam shave men have enjoyed for generations.
606,Tomato Ketchup,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Madhur,110,110,Tomato Ketchup & Sauces,4,"Fresh, tangy and delicious!n Madhur brings to you the flavours of the tomato ketchup in a brand new look. Experience a burst of yummy flavours, and use it as a dip for your sandwiches, chips, French fries and all your evening snacks!"
607,Premium Flat Square Plastic Container Set - Blue,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Mastercook,69,115,Containers Sets,4.1,"These containers are made of high-quality plastic which is microwave-safe without lid, refrigerator safe, and dishwasher safe. They are airtight and have an easily stackable design for smart storage. These food-grade quality products are hygienic for use, is strong and durable."
608,Lime Fresh 500 ml + Laundry San- Spring Blossom 480 ml,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Dettol,303.3,363,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.5,"Dettol Disinfectant Multipurpose Liquid cleaner provides protection to you and your family against illness-causing germs and Coronavirus causing COVID19 virus. Proven to be >99.9% effective at inactivating SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID19, when used at 1:12 dilutions with 5 minutes contact time when tested under dirty conditions As per standard testing protocol. This disinfectant liquid sanitizes your home and also helps maintain your personal hygiene. It can be used in bath, laundry, floor and surface cleaning, leaving everything clean and fresh. This multipurpose disinfectant cleaner for home is recommended by the Indian Medical Association. Keeping your laundry clean and germ-free every day requires a lot of pain and effort but Dettol Laundry Sanitizer makes hygienically cleaning your clothes an easy task by killing 99.99% germs."
609,Touch 'N' Fresh - Wild Lavender,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Glade,120,120,Air Freshener,4,"Eliminates odours and freshensUnique holder designIdeal for kitchen, living room, bedroom, or bathroomFight against germs."
610,Crushed Chikki Peanut Bar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Indian Mithai,Paper Boat,300,300,Chikki & Gajjak,4.1,"Why reimagine a classic, you might ask. But wait until you taste our crushed peanut chikki. Made from golden roasted peanuts that have been crushed and melded with sticky-sweet jaggery, this chikki is an explosion of flavour and texture. All natural, there is nothing artificial about Paper Boat Crushed Peanut Chikki, after all your favorite childhood treat should find you just the way you like it, real and yummy!"
611,"Sausage - Chicken, Cocktail","Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Quickee'S,205,205,Chicken Sausages,3.5,Quickee presents their deliciously mouth-watering range of meat products which will ench ant your taste buds and leave you craving for more as you rake up your favourite meals. Make your morning breakfasts more exciting by serving Quickees Chicken Cocktail Sausages along with eggs and toast for a scrumptious and a healthy meal.
612,Make Up Remover+Brightening Nigt Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Kaya Clinic,869,1230,Face Care,3.5,"Hydra Cleanse Makeup Remover is a non-sticky yet moisturizing make-up remover. Specially formulated to remove regular, water-proof and long-lasting make-up without the use of water. End your day with clean, beautiful and healthy looking skin. This 3-in-1 alcohol-free formula is gentle on the skin, lips, and eyes. It retains the natural pH of the skin. Formula researched and developed by dermatologists.Brightening Night Cream is specially formulated to work at night to give you a notably lighter complexion. Potent whitening active azeloyl glycine works to give you lighter and brighter skin. Extracts of imperator cylindrical help restore radicals resulting in visibly soft, fresh and luminous skin. Formula researched and developed by dermatologists."
613,Pore Shrinking Face Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,TJORI,299.4,499,Face Care,5,"A face pack infused with the goodness of Indian gooseberry (amla) and organic oranges. This pack works to unclog pores and shrink them, making your skin clearer and also reducing signs of premature ageing."
614,Wafers - Vanilla & Hazelnut,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Harveys,67.5,75,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",2.8,"Harveys Wafers are crispy and crunchy wafers with a rich cream filling that are a favourite amongst children and adults, making it an ideal snack to pack for school or to be relished on-the-go. They can also be savoured as a sweet midday snack or can be used to decorate desserts and sundaes."
615,Wasabi Coated Green Peas,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tong Garden,70,70,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Green peas are high in protein and fibre. They are generously coated in a flavoursome batter, an added bonus to an already addictive snack. When you're hungry and in a hurry, reach for one of these quick, easy and nutritious snack!"
616,Hair Spa Detoxifying Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,LOreal Professionnel,399,399,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.6,"Enriched with water lily and purified water, this deep nourishing shampoo intensely nourishes your hair. Hair Spa Detoxifying Shampoo gently cleanses and infuses the hair fibre with nutrients and moisture. Your hair feels re-hydrated, soft and shiny."
617,Fruit Power Juice- Mixed Berries,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Real,96.8,110,Juices,3.4,"The preparation of Real fruit power begins with sourcing the freshest and the juiciest fruit from the finest orchards in the world so you could relish the real fruit goodness and unmatched taste. Presenting Real Mixed Berries, packed with the goodness of 6 superfruits - red grapes, cranberries, raspberries, strawberries, sea buckthorns and blueberries. With the antioxidants and essential nutrients like vitamins and minerals, berries help the immunity and breath health of kids. Every glass of 200 ml Real Mixed Berries contains the goodness of 1 full bowl of mixed berries, making it berry- berry healthy and berry-berry tasty."
618,Nilgiris Green Tea - Zoho Lemongrass,Beverages,Tea,Teamonk,200,400,Exotic & Flavoured Tea,5,"How would you appreciate the peerless taste of tea for your senses-by perceiving and savoring its flavour in every single sip, as though you simply found a hidden treasure. In Zen speak, Zoho is synonymous to treasure, and what could be a better way to demonstrate this than our Zoho Lemongrass Green Tea? Lemongrass has a sensitive, botanical rose-like scent blended with a new and verdant smell, and has high range of oxidant properties. Reviving lemongrass with its profundity of flavour wakes up when converged with our fine loose leaf green tea from Nilgiris. This citrusy, reviving green tea with hints of lemon has a fragile scent coverted with a lush fragrance, that leaves you rejuvenated."
619,Borosilicate Glass Round Food Container With Dark Blue Lid,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,239,399,Containers Sets,3.5,"These BB Home borosilicate food storage containers are crafted and manufactured to bring the best of the quality, clarity in glass and shine for elegance. These borosilicate food containers are very superior in quality with high wall thickness and with a heavy bottom to flaunt your style and elegance to your guest at the first impression. These containers are manufactured with high precision to ensure no wobbling on the rim or bottom of the glass. These are 100% food grade and dishwasher safe. These are airtight borosilicate container with high-quality gasket fitted on the lid to ensure freshness of food stored inside. It can withstand up to 400 degrees temperature. It can be used in the microwave, OTG/Oven or even it can be placed inside the electric cooker to cook your delicious food."
620,Cloth Clip,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Reliance,240,240,"Hangers, Clips & Rope",2.8,Indian cloth clips
621,Original Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Tabac,517.5,575,Bath & Shower,4,Tabac original is a milestone in the development of fragrances and toiletries for men and since then offers optimum solutions for the fragrance.
622,Daily Defence Instant Fairness Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Qraa Men,240,240,Face & Body,3.5,"Prevent yourself with confidence by naturally covering widened pores, blemishes and uneven skin tone. Qraa Men Daily Defence Instant Fairness Cream is exclusively designed for men who desire gorgeous skin with not only whitening effect but also wrinkle improvement and UV protection. It helps damaged skin to regenerate. It naturally covers blemishes and uneven pores of men."
623,Kashmiri Kahwa Green Tea,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,TGL Co.,243.75,325,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"Paradise of spice. Our take on the renowned beverage from the Kashmir valley as a green tea containing real saffron strands, almonds and authentic Indian spices. The first sip of the green tea transports you to ethereal snow- clad peaks of the Himalayas leaving behind a remarkable sweet aftertaste of Saffron. At the second sip, the warmth of Cardamom, Cloves, and Cinnamon seep in, reminding of a cosy evening by the bonfire. The experience is enriched by nutty nuances of almonds and slivers of Kashmiri Saffron along with the benefits of Green tea."
624,Cookies - Atta Desi Ghee,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Tasties,37.25,149,"Bakery Biscuits, Cookies",3.5,"A rich desi delight with the goodness of ghee, the richness of pista and other ingredients. The fresh aroma and delicious flavour will leave you craving for more. These eggless cookies can be a great accompainment to hot tea or coffee."
625,Biscuits - Badam Pista,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Tasties,85,99,"Bakery Biscuits, Cookies",3.5,These cookies have a delicious flavor and can be used as desserts too. These melt-in-the-mouth delights are made from premium almonds and pistachio nuts. These array of nuts gives these cookies its authentic delectable crunch. It is a rich delicacy with its fine spicy notes and is cherished amongst all age groups.
626,Gulabari Moisturising Cold Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Dabur,76.8,80,Face Care,4.2,"For sensitive, problem-prone skin, use of regular skin care products may be the root of your problems. Dabur Gulabari Cold Cream the safer natural face cream option with rose oil and glycerin that protect your skin against damage, remove dryness & dullness, and hydrate it from within for a healthy and radiant rose-like skin glow. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÂ https://bigbasket.blog/"
627,"Glass Bottle With Removable Fabric Cover - Grey, BB1317","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,DP,209,389,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"Carry this versatile and modish bottle whenever you go out. The glass body of the bottle is durable and is light in weight. The bottle's sleek design makes it fit anywhere in the backpack. It is ideal for students, travellers and people at the jobs. The wide mouth of the bottle makes it easy filling and prove to be perfect on the go bottle."
628,All Time Plastic Soup Strainer - Assorted Colour,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,All Time,48,52,"Strainer, Ladle, Spatula",3.7,"Straining is an everyday task in most kitchens, for which a tough, durable, easy-to-clean and maintain strainer is a necessity. All-Time Strainers are made of premium food-grade plastic that are elegant, tough and durable. Their innovative scoop design and handles with fissures prevent spillage while pouring and filtering. The strainer is a heavy duty which is suitable for both home and commercial use. They are resistant to rust and easy to store."
629,"Active Salt Toothpaste - Saver Pack 300 g + Mouthwash - Plax, Active Salt 250 ml",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,171.5,268,Toothpaste,3.5,"Colgate Active Salt Toothpaste - Saver Pack 300 gColgate Active Salt is an anti-cavity toothpaste with the goodness of salt and minerals which help fight germs. Refreshing minty flavour gives fresher breath when used as directed for oral hygiene."
630,"Baby Food with Sprouted Grains - Ragi Rich, 6+ Months, Rich in Vitamins & Minerals, No Milk",Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Manna ,99,99,Baby Food,4.1,"Manna ragi rich is the right mix of sprouted ragi, sprouted green gram and fortified with vitamins essential for child's growth and development. In Ragi and Green Gram, Sprouting helps in the break down of the complex sugars and proteins to much simpler forms which make digestion easier. The process of germination increases vitamin and mineral content. The product is rich in calcium, phosphorous and iron needed for growth and development of the child, making it highly recommended for infants."
631,Biofluence Therapeutic Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Hair4U,307.5,410,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"Hair4U Shampoo contains bio-influencing keratin actives which protect the hair from external stressors such as pollution, chemical and heat treatments, harsh weather conditions, etc. Powered by five ingredients, it offers long-lasting, multiple benefits when used on a regular basis. Fision KeraVeg18 provides strength and elasticity to the hair shaft. TRIspire offers shine and manageability. Caffeine stimulates hair growth. Niacinamide increases scalp blood circulation and Vitamin E acts as a nourishing agent. Suitable for all hair types Hair4U Shampoo is an ideal formula for strong, healthy and shiny hair."
632,Vitamin D3 Tablets - 5000 IU D3,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,PureFoods,550,550,Supplements & Proteins,3.5,"Maintaining healthy levels of Vitamin D is an important part of overall health. Vitamin D helps support bone, teeth, muscle and immune health. Vitamin D is also referred to as “the sunshine vitamin” as Sun is the best source of this vitamin for human body."
633,Organic Kala Chana,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,64,85,Organic Dals & Pulses,4,"Kala Chana or black Gram is well-known for its high iron content which makes it a favorable food for menstruating, lactating or pregnant women and growing children. So we make sure our produce is grown in conditions that keep high quantities of iron and completely no addition colors."
634,Soya Nuts - Roasted,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Nutty Yogi,49,49,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Nutty Yogi's Roasted Soy Nuts are light and crunchy. It is filled with the goodness of roasted grains and spices that gives you a tasty experience. It is rich in protein, fiber, fatty acids, and beneficial plant compounds called is flavones. It makes a perfect alternative for your evening junk food craving."
635,Potato Crisp Chips - Original,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Chizzpa,175,175,Nachos & Chips,3.5,"Chizzpa Potato Crisp Original,Its an Original flavoured potato crisps with a very tasty and delicious potato crisps. Potato chip is a thin slice of potato that has been deep fried, baked until crunchy.Potato chips are commonly eat or served as a snack,side dish and appetizer."
636,5 Star Oreo Chocolate Bar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Cadbury,35,35,Chocolates,4.4,Enjoy the all-new 5 Star Oreo with crunchy Oreo biscuits surrounded by flowing caramel. A delicious indulgent combination of chocolate and caramel with a twist of Oreo. Enjoy Longer-lasting chewy multi-textured chocolatey experience with Cadbury 5 Star Oreo Chocolate Bar.
637,Pad Thai Noodles,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Real Thai,210,210,Imported Noodles,4.3,"Real Thai Rice Pad Thai Noodles are 100 percent natural rice noodles. They can be served along with any curry according to your preference. It contains 90 percent rice flour and 10 percent water. Savour every moment of your meal with these delicious pad Thai noodles. Benefits Made with natural rice. It's easy to prepare and goes well with almost anything."
638,Xanthan Gum,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Purix,90.25,95,"Baking, Cake Decorations",4,"Xanthan Gum is a natural emulsifier and stabiliser. With amazing properties including solubility in both hot and cold water, tolerance to salt, tolerance to pH and temperature changes, it is ideal for thickening and also works well as a suspension agent. Xanthan Gum provides a daily source of insoluble fiber and promotes a healthy digestive system. Xanthan gum can be used as an alternative to gluten, which improves the consistency of baked goods. Xanthan Gum is also commonly used to thicken and stabilize foods and medications. This ingredient may be added to foods and beverages or smoothies and green drinks. It is a off-white-to-tannish powder and has no fillers or binders, additives or preservatives."
639,Mint Seasoning,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Orika,59.25,79,Herbs & Seasoning,3.1,"Unlike any other mint seasoning you may have ever tried, Orika takes the ever fragrant, ever-refreshing mint to a whole new level of culinary delight. An arousing mix of freeze-dried mint, herbs and spices this seasoning is the go-to solution to produce a variety of Indian as well as middle eastern recipes. It also serves as an enchanting add-on to any dips served with crunchy munchies."
640,Cranberry Kombucha,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Toyo Kombucha,95,95,"Aerated, Still, Sparkling",3.5,"Toyo Kombucha begins as a sweet tea, beautifully brewed before adding the magic i.e., SCOBY, for fermentation. Our booch brewers use organic ingredients to create a low-calorie, guilt-free tasty treat. The result- a cool and crisp sparkling tea, bubbling with anti-oxidants. Toyo Kombucha lifts up your efforts to a healthy lifestyle with a wide range of low and zero sugar kombucha. Every booch manufacturer has his own recipe, but at Toyo, we craft superior flavour not through sugar dumping, but with delicate authentic flavours. This beverage is fairly low in sugar as compared to pop sodas. And to add more to it, it is free from all the chemical preservatives present in your other fizzy drinks, which makes it a bang-on health drink. Our brewers stay true to their stand on say no to artificial flavours and present an exotic range of lip- smacking flavours."
641,Nomarks - Antimarks Soap For Normal Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bajaj,35,35,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.4,"It contains the goodness of natural ingredients for marks free glowing skin. It contains almonds to nourish and maintain the youthful skin lustre. It also contains oats powder for refreshing, glowing skin and aloe vera to gently cleanse and moisturize."
642,M1 Perfume Spray - For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Engage,231,420,Men's Deodorants,4.3,"Engage M1 Perfume Spray for Men. It has the fragrance of fresh citrus and spice that gives you long lasting aroma. It gives you protection against bad odour for a long time. The spray is easy to use and apply. It keeps you feeling fresh all day long. It accompanies all the occasions be it a party, a business meeting or a date. Strike an impression with this spray."
643,"Passiflora Herb Powder - Supports Low Stress, Strain & Low Blood Pressure",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bixa Botanical,295,295,Ayurveda,3.5,"Passiflora (passiflora incarnate) plant is a widely grown perennial climber, and has been used in traditional medicine. It is native to the South-western United States (Southern Texas and Arizona), Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and much of South America. The plants grow in full sun and need direct sunlight for at least half of the day. Passiflora flowers have long been valued in traditional herbal medicine as sedative, anti spasmodic & anti hypertensive. Passion flower is included in the national pharmacopeia’s of France, Germany, and Switzerland, and is also monographed in the British Herbal Pharmacopoeia and in the German Standard Licences, the German Homoeopathic Pharmacopoeia, the Homoeopathic Pharmacopoeia of the United States, and the Pharmacopeia of Egypt."
644,Zeb Rise Wired 1200 DPI USB Optical High Precision Mouse,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Zebronics,168,229,Electronic Accessories,3.5,"Zeb-Rise is a wired 1200 DPI USB optical high precision mouse that has 3 buttons and comes in a 1.2-meter cable length with an easy plug and play installation. This wired technology can provide a reliable connection with a sturdy 1.8-meter braided cable. Low energy consumption and low current design make the battery life longer, environment protection and energy-saving. It is convenient comes with a high-quality USB connector."
645,Glass Cleaner,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Excel Plus,129,129,"Kitchen, Glass & Drain",3.8,"Excel Plus Glass Cleaner carries automotive strength cleaning for glass and mirrors leaving a streak-free, clean shine. It is ideal for Glass Window, Fridge, Mirrors, TV and Oven, etc."
646,Aika Snack Bowl Set,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Craftel,159,245,Glassware,3.9,"These elegant looking bowls come with crystal cut design, made with food-grade material with good quality. With its high wall thickness, it is extra strong. It has a heavy bottom and is dishwash safe, moisture resistant, scratch resistant with no sharp edges & no wobbling. These bowls are a kitchen essential and include the right size bowl for almost every storage, prep, mixing and serving need. Using glass for food storage provides a safer alternative to traditional plastic storage methods that contain harmful chemicals that can leach into food. These bowls are ideal for serving snacks."
647,Hyderabadi Dum Biryani Masala,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,As Chefs Cook,139.5,155,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",3.9,"• Perfect Biryani Masala: With flavours that seem to flow straight out of the Nizam’s kitchens, this biryani masala is a blend of Mughlai and Iranian traditions. It’s rich, spicy and aromatic. So tasty, you’ll want to lick the plate clean! • Biryani Masala To Make Everyday Special: Why wait till the weekend to make biryani- with this masala, you can make biryani on any day of the week. Make a single serving to celebrate a good day or impress your guests with a biryani platter even if they’ve dropped in unannounced. • Versatile Biryani Masala: This biryani masala is perfect for vegetable, chicken or mutton biryani. One pack makes approximately 6 servings. • Easy To Use Vegetarian Biryani Masala: Making a pot of the perfect biryani is as easy as 1-2-3! Parboil the rice with salt and lime for 15 minutes."
648,Mogo Mogo Fruit Green Tea Make Brew Iced Tea or Hot Tea,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,TGL Co.,449.25,599,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"Cheery notes of bananas, mango, melons and guava hit your palate as you take in the first sip of this absolutely happy blend. Slowly you start feeling the temporise with rhythmic, flavourful beats from passionflower leaves, cornflowers and sunflowers. The tenor of this tea is calming and uplifting all at once. Trust us, you’ll be humming to every sip with this one!"
649,"Cat Treats - Salmon Rings, Purr-Fect","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Kittos,99,99,Pet Meals & Treats,3.3,"The key ingredient in these delicious treats is salmon, which provides your pet with all the nutritional goodness that goes with it. High in protein, this FDA APPA approved snack is gluten-free."
650,Breakfast Protein Variety Bar - Almond Coconut,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,Yoga bar,290,290,Cereal & Granola Bars,3.8,"Yogabar Breakfast bars are crunchy, fruity and delicious that are perfect for your everyday breakfast. Stacked with protein, antioxidants, omega-3, and fibre, it's much more than just a bar - it's healthy, nutritious and all natural. No preservatives. No artificial ingredients."
651,Medium Wire Hooks,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Command,219,249,Wall Hooks & Hangers,3.5,"Damage-Free Hanging Solution Command Hooks is perfect when you are looking for simple ideas to organize your accessories and room, which suits your style and takes the least time? We bring to you an exclusive range of Command hooks that ensure damage-free hanging on walls and holds strongly on multiple surfaces. Command utility hooks blend into high-visibility surfaces so they don't distract from your decor. With Command Utility Hooks, you can easily organize your kitchen, home and office spaces."
652,Intense Gel Lime  Fresh,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Wc Net,175,175,Imported Cleaners,3.5,"WC Net Gel intensely perfumes, cleans thoroughly and sanitizes your toilet. Thanks to its innovative anti-odour formula, it eliminates bad odours and odour-causing bacteria resulting in long-lasting protection & freshness."				
653,Cashew/Kaju Whole Small W320 500g + Raisins/Kishmish - Indian 500g,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,bb Popular,604,1000,Other Dry Fruits,3.5,"Whole kaju for cashew from the house of bb Popular are absolutely delicious and crunchy	 this popular snack is loaded with nutritional values. It is said that a handful of cashews or kaju can be really good for your health as it has sufficient amounts of phosphorus, manganese, copper and magnesium. Cashews, unlike other oily tree nuts, contain starch which comprises 10% of their weight. This actually helps them to be more effective in dishes like milk-based desserts, stews and soups. Indian Raisins has mouth-watering taste, high dietary value and freshness. These raisins are used in cuisines and pleasant dishes all over the globe. It is wealthy in calcium and phosphorus that assists to fight against different diseases.  Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/231/dry-fruits-berries-nuts/"				
654,Tahini,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Bechef,260,325,Cooking Pastes,3.3,Bechef Tahini is ultra smooth paste of toasted unsalted Sesame seeds. This middle eastern delicacy is used as an ingredient in number of Lebanese and Egyptian dishes. Bechef ensures best quality by using.
655,Atta Noodles - Masala,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",Top Ramen ,80,80,Instant Noodles,4.1,"To discover the proper combination of Taste and Health, Crave for the best, get Top Ramen Atta Masala Noodles. Made from 100% wholesome Atta and packed with an exciting masala for delicious taste. Top Ramen Atta noodles is a stomach filling treat for all. Wheat or Atta is a rich source of Carbohydrates and Proteins that plays great role in reducing the risk of developing metabolic syndromes."
656,Original Deodorant For Women,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Dove,143,220,Women's Deodorants,4.2,"New Dove Original Deodorant gives you smooth, even skin and 48 hr odour protection. Your underarm skin is delicate. Regular Shaving can damage your underarms making them rough and uneven. New Dove Original Deodorant is enriched with 1/4th Moisturising Cream & Natural Caring Oil that visibly reduces the signs of damage to your underarm skin and gives you smooth & even skin. Dove Deo gives you 48 hours of long-lasting sweat & odour protection. This, combined with its classic mild & clean scent, keeps you feeling fresh & clean for longer. What’s more? Dove Deo’s 0% Alcohol and Paraben-free formula give you effective protection while being skin-friendly. Add Dove Original Deodorant to your daily routine for happier underarms. Also, explore the rest of the Dove Deodorants range & pick from Dove Eventone Deodorant spray, Dove Original Roll-on & Dove Eventone Roll-on."
657,Noodles - Medium Egg,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",Blue Dragon,275,275,Instant Noodles,4,Blue Dragon Noodles - Medium Egg 300 g Pouch
658,Happy Chef Pasta- Penne Rigate 500g +Sauce - Arrabiata 270g +Borges Olive Oil 1L,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",bb Combo,912,1704,Pastas & Spaghetti,3.5,"Pastas are an integral part of the Italian Cuisine. Our Pastas are processed in a high-class facility and are hygienically extruded and processed. It undergoes a process of slow drying so that the pastas are dry and have a great texture. Enjoy our assorted shaped pasta with various sauces to prepare different recipes. This authentic Italian recipe of Happy Chef Arrabiata pasta sauce is made with fresh tomatoes, garlic, fresh basil and mild chilli. Sun ripened tomatoes, the symbol of Mediterranean cuisine are pleasured with hot piquant chilies and fresh basil to craft this intensely delightful sauce, giving your taste buds a jolt! Pastas are an integral part of the Italian Cuisine. Our Pastas are processed in a high-class facility and are hygienically extruded and processed."
659,Blemishes & Acne Control Sheet Mask (Pack of 6),Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Mirabelle,425.73,774,Face Care,3.5,"Mirabelle Sandalwood ultra facial sheet mask has a natural and ayurvedic property that keeps away from skin problems like breakouts, pimples and dark spots. Gives you extra glow and makes it soft and silky. Suitable for both women and men.Argan oil, enriched with Vitamin E, it is one of the most useful essential oils. Mirabelle argan oil Koren ultra facial sheet mask makes your skin smooth and moist. In addition, it increases the resilience of the skin. Suitable for both women and men.Mirabelle Seabuckthorn Korea ultra facial sheet mask is richly formulated mask with nutrients from sea buckthorn oil! Leaves your face looking fresher, brighter, healthier and younger-looking. Suitable for both women and men."
660,"Super Tight Plastic Container - Printed, Assorted Colour","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,JOYO,209,342,Containers Sets,3.6,"Joyo super tigh containers are strong, stylish and attractive with beautiful colour. They are ideal to store snacks, biscuits, and other small edibles, and the container can be easily stacked on the kitchen shelf which will help keep all the food items organised. This set of containers from Joyo is durable and safe to use and will also add charm to your modern kitchen."
661,Under Eye Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Organic Harvest,505.75,595,Eye Care,2,"Wake up to eyes that are fresh, and ready to take on the world, seeing it in a new and happy light, every day. Organic Harvest Under Eye Gel stimulates blood circulation, improves skin tone and colour, and combats dark circles and dull complexion, and reduces fine lines too, all the while pampering the delicate area around eyes."
662,Dates Pickle,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Double Horse,150,150,Other Veg Pickle,4.3,Double Horse Dates Pickle 400 g
663,Instant Noodles - Pepper Crab Flavor,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Koka,45,50,Imported Noodles,4.2,Koka Instant Noodles Pepper Crab Flavour Cooking Instructions: 1. Cook noodles in 450ml of boiling water for 2 minutes. 2. Add seasoning. 3. Mix well & serve.
664,"Confeito Rainbow Vermicelli, Sprinkles",Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Wow Confetti,128.25,135,"Baking, Cake Decorations",3,"Put the finishing touch on all of your fun and festive baked treats with these rainbow sprinkles! Perfect for a consistent product that's sure to please you. Sprinkle these tiny, thin, rod-shaped colourful confections into your signature cookie batter, top a flavorful ice cream sundae, or use them to garnish frosted cupcakes. Can also be sprinkled on cake pops, cookies, cakesicles and more."
665,Aroma Oil,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Soulflower,1500,1500,Air Freshener,3.5,"Rajnigandha And Midnight Jasmine Aroma Oil: The Soulflower Rajnigandha aroma oil helps you to de-stress and create an energizing mood. Jasmine, also known as the ‘Queen of the Night’, has a narcotic aroma and is perfect to create a luxurious and seductive feel to the ambience. Temple Flower And Sandalwood Aroma Oil: Deep, richlyintense floral tones of natural temple flower embrace every aspect of femininity. Traditional woody aroma of Sandalwood aroma oil enhances mental clarity and avoids confusion. Walk In The Wood And Mandarin Orange Aroma Oil: Walk in the Woods, inspired by the luscious Forests of Mahogany, builds an amazing and peaceful ambience that gives off a homely, warm feeling. Beautiful Day And Khus Aroma Oil: ‘Beautiful Day’ has a fresh and tangy note which stimulates bliss and optimism in the surroundings that provide energy to your soul and helps you lead a happy and healthy life."
666,Honey - Weight Watchers,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Future Organics,550,550,Honey,5,"Ginger is very effective in stimulating weight loss, especially for diminishing cholesterol levels. For a small vegetable, garlic sure has a big and well deserved reputation. It helps reduce unhealthy fats, hyper- tension and plaques that blocks the arteries. Cinnamon mixed with forest honey can reduce weight. Regular consumption of lemon helps detoxification and makes you slimmer, reducing your weight easily"
667,Adhesive - All Fix Clear & Non Staining All Purpose,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Pidilite,66.5,70,"Scissor, Glue & Tape",4.3,"Pidilite Adhesive - All Fix Clear & Non-Staining All Purpose is a transparent synthetic liquid that is multifunctional and non-staining. It is used for craft purposes and general household fixes. It is the perfect adhesive for fixing pearls, precious stones, plastics, glass, metal, wood etc. This adhesive is waterproof and dries overnight, it starts working 15 minutes after application."
668,Amaranth Grains,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,GoodDiet,147,245,Quinoa & Grains,3.5,"Amaranth grain, which has been cultivated for over 8,000 years, is comparable to rice or maize, but with a much higher nutritional value. Amaranthus, popularly known as Rajgira in India, is both tasty and healthy. For those looking for a nutritional boost in their diet, amaranth grains are an unsung hero. This gluten-free, fibre-packed superfood has a delightful peppery flavour that adds some spice to the typical health foods. As a baking essential, blend it into pancakes, porridge, cakes, and even risotto."
669,Garlic Treat,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,FruitTreat,90,90,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,3.5,"This is a product of malnad region of Karnataka and it is made using good quality Garlic. It is naturally and organically cultivated in the heart of the Western Ghats of this region. It is prepared with the state-of-the-art healthy vacuum frying process. It retains all the nutritional contents of the fruits intact! The crispy, crunchy and tasty garlic with no added colour, sugar or any preservatives that leads to the original taste of Garlic relishment!! Grab your share of natural & healthy fruits - Treat and Taste now!"
670,Steel Lunch/Tiffin Box With 4 Containers - 8X4,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,BB Home,349,599,Steel Lunch Boxes,3.5,"BB Home Tiffin Sada keeps food fresh for hours. Superior quality stainless steel which is scratch-resistant and comes in a compact size which fits easily in briefcase, schoolbag and handbag. Ideal for office executives and school going kids. This container helps promote a healthy lifestyle by avoiding plastic and in turn saving the environment."
671,"Disposable Bamboo Wood Skewers/Pickers - For Use With Barbecue, 8 Inch","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Bamboooz,99,250,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,3.7,"Bamboooz Bamboo Wood Twister Skewer/Picker Barbeque Disposable Stick is made with high-quality bamboo. It is 100% safe, hygienically packed and infestation free. It is a multipurpose wood skewer. These skewers are disposable and easy to use. It can hold crispy bite-size food easily. It is typically used to make kebabs or for serving appetizers."
672,Gulab Jamun - Gol M Gol,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Bikaji,230,230,"Tinned, Packed Sweets",3.6,"Gulab jamun gets its brownish red color because of the sugar content in the milk powder (khoya). In other types of gulab jamun, sugar is added in the batter, and after frying, the sugar caramelization gives it its dark, almost black color, which is then called kala jam."
673,Aloe Vera Kanti - Body Cleanser Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Patanjali,15,15,Shower Gel & Body Wash,4.2,"Patanjali Kanti Alovera Body Soap is helpful in nourishing, rejuvenating and worship the skin. It is also helpful in removing aridness and unevenness of skin. It is a polite soap that removes grime and filth off the skin making it yielding and high-pitched clean. It neither moisturizes the skin nor dries itout. It creates polite lather and smells good. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
674,Refillable Gas Lighter With Flame (27.5cm),"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Fackelmann,185,199,Lighters,3.2,"Made Of Super Quality Stainless Steel, The Smart Gas Lighter From Fackelmann Is One Of The Safest Gas Lighters Out There. The Smart Gas Lighter Is Particularly Designed To Ignite Gas Stove In A Secure And Safe Way. The Gas Lighter Is Manufactured At The Best Manner Bearing High Quality In Mind."
675,"Garbage Bags - Compostable, 100% Corn Starch, Large, Green, Mono-Carton(24x32 Inches)",Cleaning & Household,"Disposables, Garbage Bag",BB Home,450,540,Garbage Bags,4,"BB Home Garbage disposable bags are made from cornstarch and take approximately 90 to 180 days to decompose. These durable garbage bags are made from biodegradable plastic that decomposes naturally in the environment and can carry up to 6 kg of garbage weight. When exposed to sunlight over time, these bags lose their plastic properties. These eco-friendly bags are ideal for your domestic day-to-day use. Bb Home comes from the house of Bigbasket with trust and quality to your doorstep."
676,"Focus - Super Dog Food, For Adults","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Drools,3612.5,4250,Pet Meals & Treats,3.3,"Drools Focus Super Premium Adult dog food is for all breed formula. Wholesome nutrition with all the benefits from ensuring strong immunity to dental health, we guarantee the power-packed food that your pet will love the most. With the combination of vitamins, essential amino acids, minerals, antioxidants and other important ingredients Drools Focus adult provides a complete and balanced food to your pet. After intensive research by the experienced nutritionists and veterinarians, our ingredients go through thorough testing where it meets all the obligatory quality standards."
677,Room Air Freshener Spray - Rose Garden,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Odonil ,119.2,149,Air Freshener,4,"Unlike fragrance oil diffusers, Odonil Room and also available in 7 Freshener Sprays can be used at any time, anywhere in your home. Just spray it and different fragrances–transform the mood of your family members with its premium fragrances. This Rose scent Jasmine, Lavender, fills the air with the enchanting and enigmatic aroma of rose petals. It offers a fine selection Sandal, Rose, Citrus, of nature-inspired scents to keep your home's bedrooms & living rooms fresh and fragrant. Floral Bliss & Ocean It’s available in 2 different sizes – 108g & 153g Breeze."
678,Toilet Cleaner Clinging Bleach Gel,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Clorox,225,300,Toilet Cleaners,3.5,"With its thick formula and unique wide dispensing nozzle, Clorox Toilet Bowl Cleaner Clinging Bleach Gel delivers better bowl coverage, so you can have the sparkling toilet you want. No scrubbing required. It disinfects to kill 99. 9% of germs. This formula comes with 5x cleaning action: cleans, deodourises, clings 50% longer, whitens and destroys stains. It Kills germs like Staphylococcus aureus (Staph), Salmonella Enterica, Influenza A1, Rota WA and Candida albicans."
679,Organic - Sambar Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,57,60,Organic Masalas & Spices,4,"Organic Tattva Sambhar Powder is made from farm packed organic spices. It does not contain any chemicals or GMO. It is a chemical free vegetarian product. The Organic Tattva team works with accredited organic farmers who do not use fertilizers, pesticides and genetically modified seeds, so that their consumers can enjoy the benefits of nature and relish nutritious, healthy, pure and the certificate is chemical-free food, which is an important factor contributing to overall well being. Certified approved by APEDA, by Control Union in compliance with United States Standards for Organic NOP, Indian Ministry of Agriculture, Standards NPOP Government of India."
680,Choco Delite Bar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,RiteBite Max Protein,420,420,Granola & Cereal Bars,4,"A SPECIAL TREAT FOR YOUR TASTEBUDS: A great blend of scrumptious nuts, superfoods enrobed with DARK CHOCOLATE. All of these accompanied by a subtle nutty texture which promises a modest crunch with every bite. It’s no less than a DELIGHT to your taste buds. NUTRITION AND LOT MORE: Almonds that serve as a source of protein, Oats for the richness of Fibre, Raisins that adds natural electrolytes and aid digestion, Cashews that are rich in magnesium and zinc and quinoa provides sustained energy with Low GI. A product with clean and natural ingredients and no preservatives. YOUR GO-TO SNACK: A pack full of goodness for all your sweet cravings. No more guilt for your midnight binge or when you have a craving for something sweet. This little pack can get you through all those tiring commutes or even those quick exercise sessions. We have got you covered."
681,Pain Relief Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Moov,112.5,125,Everyday Medicine,4.3,"Moov is fortified with the power of 'Nilgiri Oil'. It enters deep inside, makes warmth and assists you recover fast. It is 100% natural Ayurvedic made. Its quick relief formula relaxes the muscles and offers quick relief.A 100% Ayurvedic preparation for quick pain relief.Fast and long-lasting relief from muscle pain, neck and backache, inflammation, sprain, myositis, fibrositis and sciatica.Fortified ""Four Active Ingredients"" formula helps in relaxing muscle stiffness and relieving pain effectively.The special ingredients like Turpentine oil, Nilgiri oil, wintergreen oil and mint extract swiftly penetrate the targeted area of pain.Also available in easy-to-carry MOOV spray for easy application.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÃ‚Â https://bigbasket.blog/"
682,Luna Water/Juice/Whisky Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,499,684,Glassware,3.5,These tumbler glasses are ideal for serving juice and fizzy beverages. Enhance the beauty of your kitchen with this beautifully crafted tumblers.
683,Marvel Avengers Small 304 Stainless Steel Lunch Box/Tiffin Box - HMHTLB 73357-AV,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Hm International,349,399,Lunch Boxes,3.5,"This is the only lunch box where the inside of the lunch box is completely made of 304 stainless steel. Even the lid of the lunch box has steel at the bottom with insulation. This is the only lunch box where the food remains hot for up to 6 hours. The lunch box has a 4-side clip-lock lid and stainless-steel inside to keep food fresh and safe. The lunch box is easy to wash and clean and features Disney and Marvel cartoon design on the top. The lunch box comes along with one small container with a spoon. The lunch box for kids is ideal for daily use and holds just the right amount of food for lunch. Fits easily into a backpack or lunch bag. The outer body is made of PP plastic (non-toxic and BPA free) and has a 304 stainless steel wall inside. This bento is microwave and dishwasher safe and is easy to clean."
684,Silicone Pacifier Step 2 - Purple Flower,Baby Care,Baby Accessories,Pigeon Baby,249,249,Soothers & Teethers,3,"Pigeon Oral Development Pacifier System supports the babies to have a natural suck. The pacifiers satisfy their needs and soothe their emotions. Apart from that, pacifiers also help babies to learn nasal breathing. When babies begin to wean and talk, they tend to breathe through their mouths. Unlike the nose, the mouth is not able to filter or humidify the air, which means the dust and infections can enter the mouth, affecting babies immunity directly. Also, the pacifiers thus promote natural nasal breathing, which helps to reduce the possibility of infection through mouth-breathing. It also promotes nasal breathing and the thin lip contact area promotes the healthy development of teeth. It perfectly fits the mouth of a teething baby and the snug-fitting shield conforms to the international safety standards."
685,Olive Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,ST. D'VENCE,299,299,Aromatherapy,3.5,"St. D'vencE 100% Pure and Natural Olive Oil in its purest form is loaded with Vitamin E and antioxidants that make it a perfect choice for moisturising the body. It exfoliates the skin by penetrating deep into the skin and removes dead skins. The nutrient-rich oil is quite effective in delaying the signs of ageing, so lesser fine lines and wrinkles appear with regular use. When used for hair, it reduces hair fall and its continuous use keeps hair moisturised with a softer appeal. It blends seamlessly with essential oils or any mix-ins. A major source of Omega-6 & Omega-3 fatty acids and powerful antioxidants, that moisturise and absorbs easily without greasy after-feel. Rich in Vitamin A, it works excellently as a skin nourishment and can be used as a face and body moisturiser as well."
686,"Cerelac Baby Cereal with Milk - Wheat Apple, From 6-12 Months, Rich in Iron",Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Nestle ,199,199,Baby Food,4.4,"Nestle Cerelac Baby Cereal with Milk, Wheat Apple is a complementary food for babies from 6 to 12 months. While infants and children have higher requirements of nutrients than adults, 2 serves of Cerelac Wheat Apple Cereal provides 75% of a baby’s daily need of iron. It is also, a source of 19 important nutrients including vitamins and minerals. Nestle develops infant nutrition products backed by evolving science and research. Innovation has been at the heart of Nestle since its beginning. Important Notice: Mother’s milk is best for your baby. Safety Warnings: Infant food should be used only on the advice of a health worker as to the need for its use and the proper method of its use. Infant food is not the sole source of nourishment for an infant. Use prepared feed within half an hour otherwise microbial deterioration may set in. Discard unused feed."
687,Rockers - Chocolate laddu,Snacks & Branded Foods,Indian Mithai,MISHT,299,299,Fresh Sweets,4.2,"Traditional channa ladoo covered intensely with a thick layer of chocolate. Celebrations are incomplete without mithai. Misht is made with the finest ingredients without preservatives and is packed hygienically using cutting edge technology to bring out an authentic flavour. Celebrate with Misht! Every bite hits the sweet spot!"
688,Muffin/Cup Cake - Vanilla,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Cakes & Pastries,Fresho Signature,159,159,Muffins & Cup Cakes,3.5,"Moist and delicious in flavours of vanilla. Enjoy it with family and friends. It is ideal for bonding over tea. A good muffin is ideal for tea time. The muffins are fresh and true to their brand name. Made with premium quality ingredients, the taste is surely going to tame your tastebuds. Enjoy this sweet delight and say bye to small hunger pangs."
689,Gunpowder Temple of Heaven Hand Rolled Green Tea,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,TGL Co.,539.1,1198,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"Tiny hand-rolled pearls of some of the finest Chinese green tea leaves give this tea its unique name. When hot water is poured over it, the little balls dance gracefully in the water and unfurl slowly producing a flavourful, pale brew with a mild, slightly bitter aftertaste which is intensely pleasing. Temple of heaven, as the name implies, is the highest grade of this type of tea and perfectly paired with most meat and vegetables. It also can be brewed into a refreshing iced tea with or without lemon."
690,Cool Wind Eau De Toilette Deodorant,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Nike,223.2,279,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"A brand inspired by the Greek goddess of victory, it personifies strength, speed and energy and it launched its first perfume in 1929. Since then, a wide assortment of fragrance collections has hit the marketplace with refreshing, and eye-catching proposals that capture the essence and lifestyle of today´s man and woman."
691,Sausage - Chicken Piri Piri,"Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",La Carne,325,325,Chicken Sausages,3.5,"Chicken meat (80%), Water, Spices Condiments & Herbs (Ginger, Garlic, Red chilli, Basil, Paprika,Onion) Edible common salt, Emulsifier E-452, Edible strach, Dextrose Lemon oil, Yeast extract powder, Antioxidants E-316 & E-300 Contains natural and identical flavouring substances."				
692,"Kesari Shakti Kalp Chyawanprash - Immunity Booster With Gold, Silver & Saffron",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Baidyanath,450,450,Ayurveda,3.5,"Anti-ageing tonic for rejuvenation and vitality enriched with Gold, Silver, and Saffron with 44 herbs and minerals. Baidyanath Kesari Shakti Kalp Chyawanprash is a unique research formula and excellent Ayurvedic tonic formulated with the combination of rare herbs, rich spices, and fruits by renowned Ayurvedic Scholars & Baidyanath Research Foundation. The materials are very carefully chosen to impart the right benefits that rejuvenate the body and bring back youthful energy and vigour."			
693,Immuniveda Golden Turmeric Milk Mix - Immunity Booster,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Saffola,798,798,Health Drinks,3.7,"This instant mix is made with the time-tested immunity-boosting recipe Haldi-Doodh, enriched with Cardamom, Cinnamon and Black Pepper. Each serve of this mix has the goodness of 2 spoons of Turmeric, which helps improving immunity and manage inflammation and is a natural source of anti-oxidants. Black Pepper aids in digestion and helps in the absorption of turmeric in the body. Cinnamon helps support metabolism and cardamom is a source of antioxidants as well. Bites of real almond are a rich, natural source of protein and add a crunchy surprise to your turmeric milk. Saffola ImmuniVeda is a contemporary range of products that harness the power of Ayurveda to boost your immunity. Inspired by the ancient recipes, we have carefully selected potent ingredients and combined them to create unique Ayurvedic products."
694,"Air Freshener - Lavender Flavoured, Paper, BB1100",Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Kuxuna,58,58,Air Freshener,4.3,Fresh and graceful fragrance uplifts the mood of any person in seconds and creates some distressing mood. This lavender fragrance room freshener by Kuxuna helps to eliminates the bad and foul smell from the room and makes it the better and happy place to spend time in. The freshener can be placed anywhere in the room and fills the space with a delightful and pleasant smell.
695,Edam Ball Cheese - Diced,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Fresho Signature,342,380,International Cheese,3.5,"Fresho Signature brings the traditional cheese from the Netherlands- the Edam Ball. Cheese for the voyagers, it is best known for how long it lasts and how well it travels. The red paraffin wax coating is not to be consumed. The yellow, hard cheese is crumbly and delicious and only hardens further on ageing. It goes well on its own and is also a great dessert cheese when paired with zest apples or pears. For your convenience, we prepare the cheese as per individual orders into slices/dices or blocks."
696,Green Chilly - Chopped,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Fresho,18,22.5,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,Fresho brings to you chopped Green chillis with a fresh flavour and sharp bite to bring a tang of spiciness to your food
697,Channa Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,bb Royal,21,35,Powdered Spices,4.1,"Our range of fresh and aromatic whole spices are carefully handpicked by our experts. They are cleaned, powdered and packed at our hygienic facilities. Our chana masala is a fine blend of dried mangoes that is sure to add that desi flavour to your dish. Enjoy nature's finest selection of powdered spices."
698,Red Pasta Sauce,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Weikfield,40,40,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4,Weikfield Red Pasta Sauce 200 g
699,100% Pure Honey - Worlds No.1 Honey Brand With No Sugar Adulteration,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Dabur,138,170,Honey,4.2,"Do you want to boost your Immunity? Do you find it difficult to manage a healthy weight? Do you want to give a healthy start to your day? Do you wish to improve your digestion and metabolism? If the answer to the above questions asked is YES, then you can include World’s No 1 Honey brand - Dabur Honey as a part of your daily regime. Dabur Honey is 100% pure and entirely sourced from Indian beekeepers. Every batch of Dabur Honey conforms strictly with all the 22 parameters mandated by FSSAI (Food Safety and Standards Authority of India) for testing Honey. Dabur Honey undergoes 100+ tests and is LCMS/MS tested for antibiotics, IRMS tested for no sugar adulteration and LCMS/MS-SMR tested for zero sugar syrup adulteration. Dabur Honey is completely sourced, tested and packed by us ensuring that it is untouched by human hand."
700,Disney Cinderella Princess PVC Embossed Pencil Bag - HMHTPB 72231-CIN,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Hm International,160,199,Exam Pads & Pencil Box,1,"Take these adorable Cartoon Characters pencil pouch wherever you go. Great for holding stationery, study or craft supplies, cosmetics, makeup tools or small accessories. Made of high-quality durable PVC material with waterproof surface and metal zipper. Available in Disney Princess, Cars, Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Frozen, Cinderella, Belle Princess, Moana, Tsum Tsum, Marvel Avenger and Marvel Spider Man."
701,Prosto-8 Tablet,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Meghdoot,150,150,Ayurveda,3.5,The Meghdoot's Prosto 8 Tablet is known as a natural medicine for prostate health that helps to improve and maintain healthy bladder functions while regulating the normal urinary output. This helps supports healthy prostate and improve normal male urogenital function. It is made using ayurvedic formulation that it is safe to use.
702,Exfoliating Walnut Scrub,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Everyuth Naturals,161.25,215,Face Care,4.3,"New Exfoliating Walnut Scrub has natural Walnut Shell Particles and Nano Multi-Vita. Natural Walnut Shell Particles exfoliate dead skin cells and skin impurities which may block pores and may cause blackheads & whiteheads. Nano Multi-Vita helps in nourishing and revitalising the skin, leaving your skin clean, clear and beautiful."
703,"Accurate Seal Plastic Tea, Coffee, Sugar Storage Container/Canister - Blue","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Asian,129,252,Containers Sets,4,"Enhance the grace of your kitchen with this pastel coloured canister set. The set comes labelled with sugar, tea and coffee respectively that simplifies storage for you and manages the kitchen counter with much ease. The simple yet stylish looking design adds to the beauty of them. It is a great pick for any homemaker."
704,Mousepad With Gel & Wrist Support,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,KCL,87,150,Electronic Accessories,3.5,"KCL Office and Home Mousepad with Gel come with Wrist Support. It comes in assorted colours with radiation protection. Made from Silicon, Natural rubber and fabric, it can be used by all age groups."
705,Premium Raw Organic Holy Basil Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,99,165,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.9,"A traditionally native to India, organic, non-GMO, Premium basil Seeds pack a powerful superfood punch. These small, crunchy, gluten-free seeds are a rich source of protein, beneficial antioxidants, essential omega-3 fatty acids and wholesome fibre.Happilo provides food that is packed with the goodness of nature and taste that will keep you wanting for more. With a range of food items across categories like nuts, dry fruits, dried fruits, berries, seeds, mixed nuts, fusions, nut mix and other healthy items.Each of our products is not only 100% natural but is also made of 100% whole grains. While we stand strongly for health, wherein our products have a clear functional benefit, we believe that taste is the most important element when it comes to Snacks. We strive to bring the best range of snacks to you."
706,"Namkeen - Murku, Ribbon",Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Sanjay ,55,55,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.2,Made with gramflour&riceflour
707,Organic - Green Peas/Ona Batani,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,135,199,Organic Dals & Pulses,3.9,"Green Peas are small, round and green, and are generally harvested in the early summer. It gives delicious taste, as a fresh Green Peas. These are low in calories and contain negligible amounts of sodium, fat and cholesterol. Vitamins A, C, K and B6 are present in plenty."
708,Chewy Mints - Lemon,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Doublemint,50,50,Mints & Chewing Gum,4.1,"Opportunities to connect with someone new happen often, but it can feel nerve-wracking and never lasts long. Doublemint’s chewy mint has two layers: a thin, crispy outer shell and a chewy, freshening core. They're great for an instant fresh feeling that's oh-so-satisfying to chew. Doublemint Lemon gives you the confidence to let your guards down and start something fresh. This chewy mint is specially designed for those who demand long-lasting fresh breath along with a minty blast. The bold flavours of Doublemint mint come in a convenient re-sealable bottle so you can pop a rush of freshness whenever the moment strikes you. Now be fresh breath ready with Doublemint, even with the mask on! The next time you need a quick, fresh boost, pop the mint that’s fresh and delightfully chewy while working at home, studying, working out or even virtually meeting new people."
709,Plain Container Jumbo Combo Set - Blue,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Suvidha,469,469,Containers Sets,1,"3pcs of 600ml,800ml,1100ml or Virgin pp plastic container ,100% bpa free & foodsafe container."
710,Nacho Crisps - Cheese & Herbs,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Cornitos,13.4,20,Nachos & Chips,4.2,"Cornitos Nacho Crisps Cheese and Herbs is the unique combination of cheddar cheese and cool Italian herbs, you will fall in love for sure. It is 100% corn snack and contains up to 40% less oil than regular potato chips. It has zero cholesterol and trans fat making it a healthier snack for you which you can munch any time of the day you like.Enjoy this amazing snack and say bye to your small hunger pangs."
711,Syrup - Peach,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Monin,895,895,Cocktail Mixes,3.5,"Imported from France, used for Cocktails & Mocktails"
712,Disney Frozen 304 Stainless Steel Lunch Box/Tiffin Box - HMWWLB 85274- FZ,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Hm International,599,699,Lunch Boxes,1,"The age-old steel lunch box design is back in its newest avatar. The outer body is made of ABS plastic (non-toxic and BPA free) and has a detachable 304 stainless steel tray inside. It also comes with a chutney container. This bento is microwave and dishwasher safe and is easy to clean. The 2-side clip locking system adds to the beauty of the lunch box and makes it leak proof as well. Ideal size to be carried in your school bag or purse or office bag. Because of the outer plastic body, carrying hot food is also easier."
713,Jack Fruit Chips,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,A-1 Chips,120,120,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,3.9,A-1 Made with High Quality ingredients to make snack time better.
714,Organic Sona Masoori White Rice/Akki,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,619,875,"Organic Rice, Other Rice",3.5,"Sona Masoori is a variety of medium grain, typically used to make fluffy plain rice, sweet Pongal, biryani, idlis and fried rice. Packed with natural minerals, it is nutritious and beneficial to one’s health. This variant is procured from paddy that has been aged for a duration of 12 months. Cook, your favourite dishes with this tasty rice which has been processed with expertise. It is lightweight and sweet-smelling and measured to be of the finest quality. It has a distinctive taste that is not matched by rice from any other region. It is the tastiest of all the Sona Masoori rice available in the state."
715,Pet Food - Variety Stix,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Jerhigh,440,440,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"Jerhigh snacks are made of chicken meat. They are carefully prepared to provide a pure, tasty and highly digestible snack. Jerhigh contains goodness with nutritional benefits for your dogs well being. Jerhigh snacks are suitable for feeding as snack, or reward to show your pet love."
716,Thyme & Rosemary Hair Tonic - Scalp-cleansing Treatment,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Jiva Ayurveda,95,95,Ayurveda,3.5,"Thyme and Rosemary is well-known for their utility in hair problems. Thyme has antiseptic properties and stops hair loss by stimulating blood circulation in the hair follicles. Rosemary is known for stimulating the hair-bulbs to renewed activity and preventing premature baldness. While Bhringaraj pacifies Vata- dominated hair problems, amla prevails over pitta-dominated hair problems. Bel nourishes the brain cells and makes sure that good quality hair is produced. This unique combination of herbs proves very effective in controlling excessive hair loss. The regular use of the oil provides nourishment to damaged and devitalized hair. It is extremely useful against premature greying, loss of lustre and thinning of hair leading to the strands breaking off. It is good for hair loss or alopecia and promotes hair growth."
717,"Deccan Gold - Premium Filter Coffee, 80:20 Blend",Beverages,Coffee,PRISTINE,100,120,Ground Coffee,4.3,"Pristine Deccan Gold Filter Coffee are carefully combined and roasted to offer the full, rich savour and aroma. This is using superiority coffee beans under complete hygienic conditions. It is a wonderful blend of colour, savour and strength which is also first-class for your health. It has a different flavour that satisfies the most discerning coffee drinker. It is a delicate light to medium roast coffee. It completed from the highest quality of coffee beans."
718,Multigrain Chips - Dahi Papdi Chaat,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Too Yumm!,29.75,35,Chips & Corn Snacks,4.1,"Too Yumm! has the goodness of vegetable and multigrain, It is smart snacking with a great taste and less guilt. Too Yumm! Multigrain Chips - made from 7 grains: Wheat, Rice, Corn, Gram, Oats, Soya and Ragi was the answer to fulfilling a king-sized appetite. It is baked and not fried.40% less fatGoodness of Protein"
719,Shikanji & Chaat Savoury Taste Makers,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Cafe Junyali,295,295,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",3.5,"Masala Shikanji is an Indian spiced version of sweet and delicious lemonade. This refreshing, revitalizing and energetic lemon-based drink is bursting with tangy, sweet and spicy flavours. It is easy to make, tastes great. Great for digestion, rich in nutrient, a natural coolant it is good for weight loss when made with honey, a great cure for hangovers, can be mixed in cocktails!"
720,Value Pack - Blueberry Almond Crisps + California Pistachio Crunch,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Epiphany Snacks,499,499,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Our special combo pack includes a grouping of delectable yet invigorating treats in the form of Blueberry Almond Crisps and California Pistachio Crunch. A bite full of happiness and health, is what we like to call this little delight."
721,Sensitive - With Anti-Sensitivity & Fluoride Toothpaste,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Clove,152,160,Toothpaste,3.5,"Clove is your very own dental care expert made by Indians for Indians. Clove Sensitive helps relieve the sharp or sudden pain caused by sensitive teeth. The toothpaste is formulated with Dentist approved ingredients to provide long-lasting relief from sensitivity and help prevent cavities. With the goodness of clove oil & mint it helps reduce the formation of plaque and tartar above the gum line and fight against gingivitis, stains, tartar, and cavities. Fluoride gives protection against tooth decay and strengthens teeth. Clove Sensitive has excellent foaming action with smooth & easy flow ensuring it gets to every corner of your whole mouth and fights bacteria on teeth, tongue, cheeks, and gums, enamel protection and prevents bleeding gums. Say goodbye to sensitive teeth and gums as you welcome Clove Sensitive toothpaste."
722,"Bucket - Super, Green",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Cello,210,210,Buckets & Mugs,3.5,"Cellos bucket range is not only rich in style and colour but is also high on durability. It is made of high-grade virgin plastic and has the most user-friendly design. It has a comfortable grip that makes lifting and movement easy. These buckets can be used for indoor needs like bathroom bucket, home cleaning bucket, water storage as well as outdoor purposes like gardening, cleaning etc. It comes with a range of capacities and colour options."
723,"Eau De Parfum - Hydra Energy, For Men",Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Wild Stone,299.25,399,Perfume,4,"The fresh and energetic fragrances by Wild Stone deodorant sprays combine woody and musky notes which awaken the senses and eliminates the bacteria which cause sweat odor. The fragrance is long lasting and leaves your skin with a cool sensation. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÃ‚Â https://bigbasket.blog/"
724,Safe Sun Sun Block Cream PA+ - SPF 20,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lotus Herbals,142.5,190,Face Care,4,"Lotus Herbals Sun Block Cream SPF 20 protects the skin from the harmful effects of the sun. If harsh summer is that time of the year that you dread for the sake of your skin, then you have got a reason to rejoice. The Lotus Herbals Sun Block creme helps prevent the darkening of your skin with amazing effect. With its chemical-free formulation, the product works amazingly well for your skin at all times. The SPF 20 in the sunblock creme helps maintain the skins youthful look without suffering damage from the severe rays of the sun. The sunblock offers complete protection against UVA and UVB exposure so that your outdoor travelling or commute does not become the reason for a loss of youthful and fresh looking skin you are endowed with. The extracts of berry and natural sunscreen agents provide a much more effective product adept at short- term skin care."
725,Chandan Kesar Haldi Face Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Vaadi,436.5,485,Face fades dark spots and Care,3.5,"Scientifically made skin whitening treatment that also reduces skin blemishes and blemishes and lightens removes skin pigmentation marks. This age-old combination of Chandan, Kesar & Haldi the overall tone of the effectively exfoliates dead skin cells from the surface. It even fights tanning skin."
726,Hazel Nut,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",SAPPHERO,455,455,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Sapphero Hazelnuts, because you deserve nothing but nature’s best offering. Filled with necessary vitamins, protein, dietary fiber and healthful fat, these little joyful nuts can have multiple uses. Consume them directly, make a healthy milkshake or put some in your baking recipes. They also help in reducing weight gain, keeping your heart healthy. Its recommended to consume these nuts on a daily basis."
727,Pickle - Avakkai,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Mambalam Iyers,57,57,Lime & Mango Pickle,4.1,Mambalam Iyers Aavaka pickle is made by raw mango with Chilly and mustard seeds. These ingredients are making the pickles extremely spicy and tasty.
728,French Lavender Oil & Rose Water Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,ST. D'VENCE,310,310,Face Care,3.1,"ST. DVENCE Lavender Oil Face Wash is a refreshing lather with a balanced blend of French Lavender Oil, Rose Water and Aloe Vera. This gentle concoction works together to rejuvenate and fight against the harmful effects of pollutants on the skin. Versatile of all essential oils, Lavender is enriched with Vitamin E that acts as a skin regenerator, prevents sun damage and keeps the skin hydrated. Enhanced with a relaxing and harmonizing aroma, it detoxifies the skin's natural functions, making it ideal for everyday use."
729,Green Moong//Hesaru Kaalu - Split,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,Super Saver,130,160,"Toor, Channa & Moong Dal",4.2,"Moong beans are a well-liked food among vegetarians since it includes a lot of proteins and fiber. It is one of the easiest dals to digest and for this reason it is frequently given to people recovering from an illness, specially a stomach upset. It contains antioxidants which is extremely healthy for the good functioning of the human body. It is an excellent balanced diet and could be included in our daily. Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/230/dals-pulses/"
730,Bio Papaya Scrub Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,BIOTIQUE,202.5,270,Face Care,4.1,"This fresh foaming gel is blended with pure papaya fruit to dissolve dead surface cells, unclog pore openings and smooth the way for clear skin to surface. Gentle refining action uncovers skin's natural brightness for a younger-looking complexion."
731,"Organic Red Gram/Tur Dal - Split, Skinned","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,Earthon,135,135,Urad & Other Dals,4,"pigeon peas. This traditional Indian dish is often served with rich spices over rice, and is a staple in many Indian restaurants and households. Toor dal is a member of the legume family, and this meal is not only delicious, it also has a number of health benefits."
732,"Clothes Storage Laundry Bag - Text Printed, Blue, BB-549",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,DP,519,528,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",4,"This blue laundry bag helps you sort laundry, toss stuff and clear the clutter from the room. The bag is cylindrical. This laundry bag is made using washable fabric with printed sheep on it. The bag is lightweight, durable and easy to carry. It can fit all the dirty clothes or use it to keep other things like toys. The bag is excellent to keep your room organised."
733,Ramen Noodle Soup - Kimchi,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Samyang,110,110,Imported Noodles,4.2,It is the original Korean Ramen Noodles with delicious Hot Chicken flavour. Enjoy the perfect balance of spices like sesame seeds and grilled seaweed flakes with an authentic taste. This noodles is the ideal choice for your evening snack or anytime hunger.
734,Eyeconic Kajal,Beauty & Hygiene,Makeup,Lakme,206.25,275,Eyes,3.9,"Accentuate the beauty of your eyes with the Lakme Eyeconic Kajal. This dermatologically tested kajal is just what you need for completing your eye makeup or carrying a simple, only-kajal look. It is a smudge proof, waterproof kajal, and can add the dramatic and glamorous look to your eyes. It has an intense matte texture for Eyeconic eyes. You can experiment with a thin line or a bold wing. This kajal is great for day and night looks. It is long lasting, up to 22 hours without smudging and is completely waterproof. It is designed with an easy to use and convenient twist-up format. Just one stroke of the Lakme Eyeconic Kajal enhances your simple look to a more stylish avatar. Its beat all your timelines, be it meetings, traveling or just a day out and lasts for 22 hours. You are incomplete without kajal and this is a perfect everyday product! Get the Lakme Eyeconic Kajal in black now."
735,Stainless Steel Water Bottle - Red BB 508,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,DP,440,440,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"Carry this versatile and stylish red bottle whenever you go out. The bottle is made of stainless steel, which is durable and is corrosion resistant. Also, it is lightweight and dishwasher safe. The bottle's sleek design makes it fit anywhere in the backpack. It is ideal for students, travellers and people at the jobs. The wide mouth of the bottle makes it easy filling and prove to be perfect on the go bottle."
736,Nilgiris Green Teabags - Anicca Chamomile,Beverages,Tea,Teamonk,297.5,425,Green Tea,5,"The true thing about permanence is its impermanence. Except for our Anicca Chamomile Green Tea, whose taste and aroma, remain perpetual, no matter what. Tender leaves and buds, handpicked by nimble experienced fingers from selected bushes of the estate in Nilgiris, undergo a unique process of roasting and drying that is specially employed to craft this semi- fermented tea. They are then mixed with chamomile flowers where they impart their fragrance to green tea leaves."
737,4mm Aluminium Kadai With Handle - Silver,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,HAZEL,699,999,Kadai & Fry Pans,3.5,"Hazel Aluminium Kadhai is ideal for samosas, vegetables, making sweets and much more deep frying foods. This kadai has a classy finish and gives an elegant look to kitchen decor. This kadai is an ideal cookware for any kitchen. It is easy to clean and wash. It is used for preparing and cooking food or stylishly serving food. The aluminium kadai with handle is long-lasting and durable. Its design makes it a great addition to your antique cookware collection. This kadai has a comfortable handle which makes it easy to carry and handle."
738,Select - Chhole Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Valley Spice,75,75,Powdered Spices,4.5,"Valley Spice Chhole Masala is made with Pure & Authentic ingredients. It is a perfect blend of all the spices which are dried or roasted and coarse ground to keep the flavours of the spice intact. So spice your dishes up with Chhole Masala and experience the joy of feeding the taste so delicious no one will ever forget."
739,Borosilicate Glass Round Container With Lid - Green,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,249,329,Containers Sets,4.5,"These BB Home Borosilicate Glass storage containers are crafted and manufactured to bring the best of the quality, clarity in glass and shine for elegance. These Borosilicate Glass containers are very superior in quality with high wall thickness and with a heavy bottom to flaunt your style and elegance to your guest at the first impression. These containers are manufactured with high precision to ensure no wobbling on the rim or bottom of the glass. These are 100% food grade and dishwasher safe. These are airtight borosilicate container with high-quality gasket fitted on the lid to ensure freshness of food stored inside. It can withstand up to 400 Degree Celsius temperature. It can be used in the microwave, OTG/Oven or even it can be placed inside the electric cooker to cook your delicious food."
740,Protein Bars - Peanut Cocoa,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,The Whole Truth,510,600,Cereal & Granola Bars,3.5,"Peanut butter and chocolate are just made for each other. A soft and chewy mix of smooth, nutty PB and indulgent, dark cocoa. The purest, tastiest, sweet and filling protein bars. Nothing artificial, no added sugar, no soy, no gluten. Nothing bad whatsoever. 100% natural. The Whole Truth is rebuilding the world's trust in its food."
741,2X French Perfume Fabric Conditioner,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Softouch,388.08,450,"Fabric Pre, Post Wash",4.3,"Throw away your fancy perfumes because New Softouch 2X Fabric conditioner comes with an amazing fragrance inspired by famous French Perfume. It lasts longer than perfume on our clothes and gives you all day fragrance and freshness. It has 2 times fragrance dosage as compared to other fabric conditioners and comes with encapsulation technology which releases fragrance in bursts when clothes come in contact with your body, thus offering you a whole day of fragrance. New Softouch 2X fabric conditioner comes with an amazing fragrance inspired by famous French perfume Rich notes of French Rose, Jasmine, Patchouli, sweetness of cotton candy, and vanilla Neutralizes the effect of harsh detergent and hard water While retaining the shine and softness of the clothes intact."
742,Chilli Powder/Menasina Pudi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Iyengar Spices & Food Specialists ,60,60,Powdered Spices,3.7,"Traditional Spice Mix (not curry powder) Chili powder blends are composed chiefly of chilli peppers and blended with other ""hot"" varieties spices including cumin, onion, garlic powder, and sometimes salt. The chilis are most usually also include commonly red chilli peppers cayenne pepper."
743,Madras Sambar Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Eastern,38,40,Blended Masalas,4.3,"Savour piping hot sambar sprinkled with the goodness of vegetables & spices that are extravagantly good. Sambar is a south Indian soupy dish made with lentils, mixed vegetables, tamarind, herbs, spices & a special spice powder known as sambar powder."
744,Frappuccino - Coffee,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Starbucks,350,350,Coffee & Pre-Mix,3.5,"Frappuccino - Coffee is creamy, rich taste of coffee and it gently, savouring each and every heavenly sip. It is made a comprehensive list of every single flavour offered to date. The coffee meets milk and ice in a blender for a rumble and tumble and together."
745,Cup Noodles - Italiano,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",Nissin,50,50,Cup Noodles,4,Nissin Cup Noodles - Italiano 70 g
746,"Cat Care - Comfort Bowl, 32Oz GIb1010","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Glenand,360,360,Pet Feeding Support,3.5,Dog And Cat Feeding Bowls.
747,Sylvana Whisky Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,489,660,Glassware,3.5,These simple yet elegant-looking glasses are ideal for serving scotch and whiskey. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar with this beautifully crafted crockery.
748,Flavoured Milk - Pista,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Heritage,96,100,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4,Heritage Flavoured Milk - Pista has the honesty of milk with the luscious flavour of pistachios. Throughout summers a tumbler of chilled Heritage Pista Flavoured Milk is all you want to strike the heat.				
749,India's No 1 Fluoride Free Toothpaste,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Dabur Meswak,210.96,282,Toothpaste,4.3,"If you want to start your day with something that is truly unique go grab a pack of Dabur Meswak today. Dabur Meswak is made from pure extract of rare Miswak herb which grows slowly, resisting the brutal forces of nature amidst the sand dunes of Africa and South Asia. Even a small portion of this herb is capable of providing complete oral care to you. The ingredients of Miswak herb truly make Dabur Meswak unique. It has resins that form a layer over the enamel - protecting against caries Silica which removes stains Alkaloids exerts a bactericidal effect and stimulatory action on gingival, Essential oils stimulates the flow of saliva which works as an antiseptic, Vitamin C helps in healing and repair of tissues, etc. The best part of this unique toothpaste is the amazing mouthfeel it leaves behind, which lasts the whole day."		
750,Mild Cheddar - Red Portion,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Grandma Singletons,449,449,International Cheese,3.5,"Authentic handmade Singleton Red Cheddar is a deliciously creamy cheese with both savoury and naturally sweet notes. Processed cheese is made by blending natural cheese, emulsifying, and pasteurizing, and contains no other ingredients, This Cheese is a snack food product consisting of crackers and cheese. Cheese can be used in the preparation of beer cheese spread. Cheese can be used in the preparation of cheese spread sandwich, pasta, sandwich cake, cheese rolls."
751,Wassup Pup Sulphate Free Puppy Shampoo,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Captain Zack,390,390,Pet Cleaning & Grooming,3.5,"1) For Pups/Kittens, Sensitive and Ageing Dogs: Captain Zack Wassup Pup is specially formulated for dry, sensitive, delicate skin and coat of your pup. It’s a great moisturising shampoo for fresh, clean and healthy puppy/kittens, sensitive and ageing dogs. 2) Why Sulphate Free (no lather): Sulphates are known skin irritants and cause allergies. They are extremely harsh and strip away the natural oils, hence are very damaging to sensitive skin. Wassup Pup is a sulphate-free puppy shampoo. 3) Natural Actives/Essential Oils: This Puppy shampoo contains natural botanical aroma oils such as lavender essential oil, lemongrass essential oil that carries antibacterial, antifungal and antiseptic properties along with vitamin E extracts. The calming and healing effects of Lavender along with Lemongrass’s natural deodorizing effects makes this shampoo useable for sensitive pups."
752,Pinnacle Pride Lunch/Tiffin Kit - Yellow,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Pinnacle,600,600,Lunch Boxes,3.5,"Pride Lunch Kit fits everywhere and anywhere you go. Enjoy its multi uses and benefits of having hot food and cold food, the way you like. It has 2 Tritan containers of 600 ml and one container of 400 ml. These food containers are now available in vibrant and eye-catching fresh colours in a well-insulated thermal bag."
753,Red Hot Anti Germ Mouthwash,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Closeup,185,230,Mouthwash,4.2,"New Closeup Red Hot Mouthwash is for long- lasting freshness. Powered by natural clove oil and anti-germ formula, it fights germs 24/7. This is bought to you from Closeup, India’s leading freshness brand in the toothpaste category. This mouthwash comes with natural clove oil and antigerm formula. The clove oil is for long-lasting fresh breath and the antigerm formula is for 100% mouth clean up that mints can’t do. Moment of closeness can happen anywhere anytime and you need the confidence to seize those moments but bad breath can kill this confidence.With the new Closeup, Red Hot Mouthwash have the confidence to seize the unexpected opportunities to get closer anytime anywhere. No alcohol formulation (refers to ethyl alcohol), it is 100% proven action against germs which fight germs 24/7 to give you long-lasting freshness. Made in India, it is marketed by Hindustan Unilever LTD (HUL)."
754,Premium Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,The Man Company,1319.4,2199,Perfume,3.5,The Man Company Premium Eau De Toilette is the perfect choice for the party animal! Your party night look is incomplete without a fragrance that matches your style.
755,"Coffee Roasters - Dark Vienna Roast, French Press",Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Blue Tokai ,450,450,Coffee & Pre-Mix,3.5,"Roast Level - Dark Grind Type - French Press 100% Specialty Grade Indian Arabica Coffee (No added flavour or preservatives). We source through direct trade relationships with India's best farms. Tasting Notes: Cocoa, Oaky, Bitter Sweet We freshly roast our coffee only after your order and grind it to suit your particular brewing method. We recommend Channi Grind If you don't have any coffee brewing equipment yet. Our mission since we started has stayed simple: introduce our customers to the estates we directly buy our great tasting coffee from, roast the beans with care, and make high-quality coffee more accessible through our cafes and our website. The coffee we roast is the coffee we like to drink, and we hope you like it too."
756,Pure Shilajit - Resin Form,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Upakarma,1450,1450,Supplements & Proteins,3.5,"Pure shilajit resin (semi-liquid) isn the purest form of shilajit, with the benefits that are endless and provide a healthy body and mind. Pure Shilajit resin is attained through a sophisticated all-natural process, sourcing the purest form of Shilajit from a location that is a well-guarded secret. It has a perfect concentration of essential minerals, nutrients like Fulvic Acid, Selenium that makes it the most exclusive Shilajit in the world and helps in achieving a balanced lifestyle. Pure Shilajit resin helps in boosting stamina and develop a healthy body and mind."
757,Pickle - Chicken,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Double Horse,265,265,Non Veg Pickle,2.2,Double Horse Pickle - Chicken 400 g
758,Taft Ultimate Hair Lacquer Ultimately Strong 6,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Schwarzkopf,395,395,Hair & Scalp Treatment,3.7,Taft hairspray Ultimate-6 offers the highest Taft fixation thanks to two combined polymers and also gives the hair a beautiful shine. This spray is great for all hair types and helps you get your desired hairstyle in a go. The strong hold feature of this hair styling lacquer will hold your desired hairstyle strong sothat your hair does not need a touch-up or styling for every minute.
759,Vinegar - Apple Cider Vinegar + Garcinia,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Kapiva Ayurveda,497.17,599,Balsamic & Cider Vinegar,4.4,"UNFILTERED & Unpasteurized: Our Apple Cider Vinegar + Garcinia is unfiltered and unpasteurized infused with pure Garcinia and contains the purest form of vinegar called The Mother. To check the purity, hold the bottle against the light and you will see the liquid is hazy and contains fine strands of 'the mother' floating in the liquid. APPLE CIDER VINEGAR FOR WEIGHT LOSS: This variant of our Apple Cider Vinegar with Mother is infused with Garcinia to help achieve your weight loss goals. All our Apple Cider Vinegars are made from real Himalayan Apples (not concentrates) that are sourced with great efforts so that only the purest forms reach you. APPLE CIDER WITH GARCINIA: This product helps boost your metabolism and strengthens the digestive system. The infusion of Garcinia helps in weight loss and provides overall nutrition to your body."
760,Baby Powder,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Johnson's baby,235,235,Baby Powder,4.5,"Johnson's baby powder absorbs excess moisture and keeps baby's skin comfortable and dry. Johnson's baby powder is dermatologist tested and hypoallergenic. U.S. Pharmacopoeia grade talc to ensure it meets the highest quality and purity. Highest IFRA fragrance standard. No Parabens, No Sulfates, No Dye. Recommended by doctors. Johnson's baby powder formula awakens and stimulates your baby's senses making your baby feel fresh and play happily with everyone."
761,Aloe 90% Soothing Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,It's Skin,400,400,Face Care,1,"This soothing gel from Its Skin is formulated with 90% of fresh aloe, green tea, watermelon, and mango peel extracts. Aloe vera leaf extract with excellent hydration and soothing properties helps to soothe skin and also keeps the skin smooth and supple. This nongreasy moisturizer doesn't feel sticky on the skin and gives instant skin freshness"
762,Assam Tea,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Te-A-Me,80,80,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"Tea Profile: TE-A-ME brings the season's fine Assam Tea, that extrudes the amber to orange liquor, which is strong and has exotic flavour profile from one of the region’s fine estates. This tea is known for its tart, malty flavor, vigorous body and bright color. Assam tea is the perfect tea to keep you warm on a rainy day or in a winter month. The variety is known to maintain your body warmth by slightly increasing your natural metabolism. With its higher caffeine content, Assam tea may help you to remain focused for an extended period of time and keep your mind alert and active. No added aromas, No added flavors, No artificial essences, Just pure tea! Our teas are 100% Natural, crafted by leading experts. Fresher the tea is, Healthier it is. TE-A-ME tea bags are heat-sealed, processed and packaged at our own Factory. This process locks in the freshness."
763,In-Shower Hair Removal Cream For Men & Women - Normal Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Veet,450,450,Hair Removal,4.1,"Veet Hair Removal In-shower cream with Silky Fresh technology helps you experience silk smooth skin with a delightful scent while removing hair effectively. It not only hydrates your skin for up to 24 hours but is also clinically proven to provide up to 7 days of smoothness. Veet In Shower has been designed to fit in with your busy routine: with a unique combination of water-resisting ingredients, it works while you shower so you can get on with your day. Our Normal Skin formula enriched with Lotus flower extract, known for its softening properties, gives you nourished the skin - and hair regrowth feels softer, too. Takes from 3 - 6 minutes."
764,Chicken Nuggets,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,sumeru,269,269,Frozen Non-Veg Snacks,4,"Sumeru brings you tasty chicken nuggets, made with chicken mince, which is well-seasoned and beaded to give you a snack that you can enjoy anytime with your family, friends, or just with yourself."
765,Organic - Pumpkin Seeds/Kumbalakayi Bija,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,375,475,Organic Dry Fruits,4,"These pumpkin seeds are abundant in protein, essential minerals and antioxidants. They are spiced and seasoned to make for a healthy yet tasty mid-meal snack. They are a rich source of minerals like manganese, phosphorus, magnesium, copper, zinc and iron and contain Vitamin E, which help prevent cardiac arrests and strokes and build immunity. They are rich in Omega-3 fatty acids, protein and antioxidants which makes them great for heart and liver health. Great and practical to carry on-the-go. BB Royal is a premium brand of organic staples by Big Basket. The entire range of products is sourced from the best of farms and products to ensure high-quality standards. All BB Royal products are cleaned and packed in hygienic facilities in high-quality food-grade packaging. There is a no questions asked return policy on all BB Royal products in a bid to provide you nothing but the best!"
766,Atlantic Salmon - Smoked Presliced,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Big Sams,1180,1180,Frozen Fish & Seafood,3.5,Smoked & Pre sliced Salmon
767,Evening Primrose Oil - Vegetarian Capsule (500 mg),Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Sri Sri Ayurveda ,295,295,Hair Oil & Serum,5,"This Product contains Evening Primrose Oil that is known to help relive premenstrual tension, Skin allergies and dryness, nourish Scalp, hair and also reduce joint inflammation and Stiffness. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
768,Beetroot - Julienne,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Fresho,26,32.5,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,These edible ruby red roots are smooth and bulbous. Beetroots have the highest sugar content than any other vegetable. We deliver them fresh and uniformly sliced into thin long strips called the Julienne cut. Enjoy an effortless cooking that is less messy and much quicker because we value your time!
769,"Green Tea - Tulsi, Good Morning",Beverages,Tea,Wagh Bakri,75,150,Green Tea,3.5,"Tulsi, popularly known as Queen of Herbs, is the most sacred herb in India. It is infused with great heating power. Tulsi has recognized for its high medicinal properties and has found it useful in treating cough, cold and vocal disorders. Prepared by master tea blenders and tasters at Wagh Bakri Tea Group, the unique blend of Tulsi and green tea boosts health and well-being round the year."
770,Fabric Conditioner - Rose Fresh,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Comfort,450,450,Imported Cleaners,3,"Makes clothes comfortably soft & freshner, easy ironing, less wrinkles"
771,"Graphene Anion Day Use, L",Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Colleen,120,120,Sanitary Napkins,3.5,"COLLEEN INDIA'S 1st Graphene Anion Strip Sanitary Pad has Breathable layers that help to reduce menstrual cramps. It has a high absorbency and contains no toxins, perfumes, bleach. It leaves zero rashes and Itching. The enhanced embedded Graphene anion-chip negative ion and far-infrared ray function, within the sanitary napkins, inhibits the reproduction of anaerobic bacteria, micro- circulation, increases the growth of bio-enzyme, regulates acidic secretions in the vagina and improve women`s self-protection and disease prevention ability. The surface of “Graphene Anion” sanitary napkin can absorb trice as much as the amount of fluid traditional sanitary napkin can. Sufficient hydrogel could hold the penetrated water in, instead of letting them side leak or backflow 360-degree wrapping with Edge-Lock leak- proof technology."
772,Istanbul Juice/Whisky Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,409,558,Glassware,4,This glass tumbler is made of tempered or toughened glassware for maximum safety of food service professionals as well as for the superior resistance and durability. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar with this beautifully crafted crockery.
773,Organic - White Pepper,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,70,75,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.3,"White pepper consists of only the inner seed with the pericarp removed by soaking and rubbing or by decorticating when dry. Its outer shrunken skin is rubbed off, exposing the dried, grayish-white pepper inside. Due to the anti-oxidant properties of pepper, it would promote the circulation of blood and oxygen in the skin making it more energized and fresh looking. It offers a tangy and spicy flavour when added to the preparations. White pepper is sharp in its taste and also has a pungent aroma."
774,Diet Chivda,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Garden,50,50,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.2,"Garden Diet Chivda contains healthy ingredients and is well-known for its high purity, rich aroma, crispness and yummy taste. The delicious taste and low cholesterol content makes this chivda wonderful for evening coffee or tea."
775,Chilli Garlic Aioli Dip,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",All That Dips,160,200,Dips & Dressings,3.5,"Chilli Garlic Dip is one that excites everyone. Its has chunks of green chillies, garlic and a surprise of Mustard. All That Dips Aioli are creamy, rich and full of flavours. You can use as a dip, spread or as an ingredient in your cooking adventure."
776,Jasmine Heart Bath Personal Care Gift Set,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Soulflower,1600,2000,Bath Salts & Oils,3.5,"Gift yourself or your loved ones Soulflower Jasmine Heart Bath set. Soulflower bath & body products provide you with your very own spa at home. The products range in our gift set are formulated by combining precious essential oils with the blend of natural and organic ingredients. The idea behind the whole creation is to provide you and your dear ones the natural and vegan skincare products which are healthy, regenerating and maintain body and skin balance.This aroma gift set was specially designed for those who love the richness of jasmine aroma and want to fully immerse in its exotic experience or want to gift their loved ones a mind alluring bath set. Each gift sets come in an attractive, colourful and handcrafted heart-shaped gift box to give to someone special containing Jasmine Aroma Massage Oil, Bhringraj Natural Oil, Jasmine Night Soap, Jasmine Aroma Potpourri"
777,"Loofah/Sponge Scrubber/Body - Pink, BH-064D PNK",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,BB Home,139,189,Bathing Accessories,3.5,"Remove all the dirt and exfoliate your skin as you use this pink loofah scrubber. It is composed using a microfiber cloth, which helps in forming great lather and cleanses the skin making it look smooth and gleaming. This loofah/scrubber is fashioned in a hand glove shape for convenient use."
778,Safe Sun Kids Sun Block Cream - SPF 25,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lotus Herbals,232,335,Face Care,4,Spare your children from the searing sun by applying them Lotus Herbals Safe Sun Kids Sun Block Cream with SPF-25. It contains concentrates of chamomile blossoms for mitigating and supporting a youngsters skin. Gives complete UVA and UVB assurance for tan and sun blaze counteractive action. Tried for utilization by pediatricians and dermatologists. It consists of Chamomile Extract which has anti-provocative & alleviating properties which is useful for touchy skins. It provides complete UVA and UVB protection for tan and sunburn prevention. It is specially formulated for young and delicate skin that soothes and nourishes a childs skin. Protect the skin of your child from solar radiations using Lotus Herbals Safe Sun Kids Sun Block Cream with SPF 25.
779,Pasta & Pizza Sauce - No Onion & No Garlic,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Veeba,89,89,Mayonnaise,4.2,Experience the full flavour of pasta-pizza sauce without any onion or garlic. It is made from 38% fresh tomatoes and herbs. Use it as a dressing or a dip sauce.
780,Soap Case - Glory,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Reliance Plast,85,85,Bathing Accessories,5,"Our Soap Dish is made of plastic infused with Microban which inhibits the growth of odor-and stain-causing bacteria For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÂ https://bigbasket.blog/"
781,Peanut Butter - Chunky,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",American Garden ,299,299,"Chocolate, Peanut Spread",4.1,
782,Skin Gel - Under Eye,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Richfeel,189,189,Eye Care,3,"Richfeel Under Eye Gel helps reduce fine lines. A soothing, revitalizing gel to counteract the effects of stress on the eyes. It is enriched with aromatic extracts of peach and plant extracts of badiaga."				
783,"Honey Comb Touch Non-Stick Flat Tawa - 260 mm, Black","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Nirlon,429,799,Tawa & Sauce Pan,3.7,"Nirlon Non-Stick Cookware with honeycomb structure is a premium product offering in the Flat Tawa category. This Flat Tawa is 5 layer cookware with Inner Surface Centre Virgin Aluminum, Outer Compatible Aluminum. Its unique honeycomb design makes it metal spoon friendly and ensures prolonged non-stick performance compare to other non-stick cookware. It is more efficient than any aluminium cookware in terms of even-heat distribution, little or no hot spots and comes with 260 mm base thickness."
784,"Face Mask - Pro Tech 95, 6 layered, Medium, MK18003",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,T BASE,249,299,Face Masks & Safety Gears,3.6,"T-base mask 6 layered reusable cotton fabric mask, Nose wire across the top of the mask allows it to be contoured over the nose for a better fit and protection against germ spread, soft elastic earloops for extra comfort. Available in an assortment of exclusively print and colours, extremely breathable fabric, washable and reusable."
785,Hand Soap - Lavender & Chamomile,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Skin Cottage ,225,225,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,5,"Calm Restore Refresh Made in Malaysia. Content - 500ml. pH - 5.5. Designed to gently cleanse and leave skin feeling refreshed. Delicately scented with a refreshingly Lavender & Chamomile. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÂ https://bigbasket.blog/"
786,Durum Wheat Pasta- Penne Rigate 500 g Carton + Pasta Sauce- Arrabbiata 400 g Jar,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Barilla,598,598,Pastas & Spaghetti,3.5,"Barilla Penne Rigate is one of the most versatile pasta, known for its adaptability with recipes and occasions, from a traditional family lunch or official grown dinner. Try Penne Rigate with easy tomato sauce, vegetables, with or without meat and enjoy an authentic Italian meal.Feature: It is made with 100% durum wheat semolina, GMO free. It has no maida. Nutrients: Excellent source of energy, naturally low in fat with a low glycemic index that keeps you fuller for longer. Trusted: Made in Italy with over 140 years of craftsmanship, making high quality pasta that cooks perfectly every time. Barilla arrabbiata combines carefully selected fresh tomatoes, garlic, and parsley with a tantalizing touch of crushed green chili peppers to create authentic Italian meals with a memorable kick."
787,Oil - Gingelly,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Idhayam,279,299,Gingelly Oil,4.2,"Idhayam Gingelly Oil guarantees you the best health by pushing your Blood Pressure down, lowering your Cholesterol and maintains your skin healthy. It's soft for heart that adds zest to the cuisine. Sesame oil offers good oral health too. Furthermore it shows its major significance in stuffs like marinades, sauces, vinaigrettes and dressings that suggests you good flavor along with good health."
788,Ragi - Whole,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,57,60,Organic Dals & Pulses,3.8,"For 1 Cup Serving : Calories - 286 g,Fat - 2.0 g"
789,"Capsules - Shilajit Gold for Strength, Stamina & Power",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dabur,322.5,430,Ayurveda,3.5,"Dabur Shilajit Gold, a 100% Ayurvedic formulation for effective strength & stamina. With pure Shilajit for Power, and enriched with Gold for Stamina, Kesar for Strength, Ashwagandha for Energy, Safed Musli to Counter Weakness. Dabur Shilajit Gold is a unique combination of Shilajit, Gold, Kesar and other important herbs like Ashwagandha , Kaunch Beej and Safed Musali. Shilajit Gold is good for general health and helps increase strength, stamina and vigor. Recommended dosage (Adults) is One Capsule twice a day or as directed by Physician preferably with milk."
790,100% Melamine 3D Soup Spoon - Blue,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo ,264,264,Plates & Bowls,3.5,"Iveos soup spoons are used to stir and drink the soups. It is made to consume soup or the soup made with particles of solid food, such as meat, vegetables, grains, and pasta. A soup spoon is a type of spoon with a large or rounded bowl, used for consuming soup. The term can either refer to the British soup spoon or the Chinese spoon. Round bowled soup spoons were a Victorian invention."
791,Signature Gold Dark Vanilla & Oud Wood Perfume,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Axe,360,450,Men's Deodorants,3.6,"The World’s # 1 Male Deodorant Axe, presents ‘Axe Signature Gold’ Ultra Premium Perfumes. A range of fine fragrances that are packaged in beautiful and stylish matte glass bottles. Designed by the world’s leading perfumers, each Axe Signature Gold fragrance is specially crafted with some of the world’s most exotic and refined ingredients to bring out what’s unique in you. A suave and warm, woody fragrance that will play with your senses. One moment it’s tart mandarin, the next warm oud, then the sweet scent of vanilla before diving into a dark and smoky cloud of tobacco. This unique blend of fragrance notes will mesmerise you. Make every special occasion extra special with Axe Signature Gold Dark Vanilla and Oud Wood Perfume. Spray it on your pulse points, the heat generated by your pulse intensifies the fragrance and amplifies its projection."
792,"Super Moist Cake Mix - Yellow, Imported",Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Betty Crocker,445,445,Flours & Pre-Mixes,3.5,"Bowl to oven in minutes. Thank you for welcoming us into your home. We hope what’s inside this box helps you bring more love to your table. Cordially yours, Betty Crocker's super moist yellow cake mix is made with no preservatives and no artificial flavours. Just seven ingredients in the box. Bowl to oven inminutes. Makes one 13"" x 9"" pan. The red spoon is my promise of great taste, quality and convenience."
793,"Organic Pure Sweetener Blend - 1:4 Sugar Replacement Powder, Unbleached",Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",D-Alive,499,499,Thai & Asian Sauces,3.5,"Sweetness in our superfood blend comes from organic green Stevia leaf powder (0 carbs & calories), blended with naturally nutrient-rich organic coconut sugar (GI=35, much lower than jaggery/dates). Our special blend gives you the satisfaction and satiety of eating sugar without empty carbs and addiction. Using selective ‘no nasty’ organic, ultra-low GI, nutrient-dense, slow-releasing ingredients, this superfood leaves you feeling satisfied! Plant-Based Healthy Sweetener Blend 1:4."
794,"100% Whey Protein, Rich Chocolate",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,IN2,2000,2000,Supplements & Proteins,3.5,"IN2 Whey Protein is an Ultra-Premium Muscle Building Protein Powder. This protein powder features multiple quality whey proteins resulting in a nutritious and multi-functional protein supplement that enables a superior bioavailable protein source for athletes. Whey is considered to be the best source of protein due to its high Biological Value (BV), Amino acid profile and fast absorption to give your body what it needs to build muscle and recover. IN2 Whey Protein uses a superior cold microfiltration process to guarantee a higher quality Whey Protein."
795,Chemba Puttu Podi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Atta, Flours & Sooji",Double Horse,145,145,Rice & Other Flours,4.3,"Red Rice or chemba Podi is a vegetarian promise and it will be a perfect treat to your taste buds. It contains iron, vitamin E, protein, antioxidants, and other essential nutrients. This steamed food has a rich taste and flavour. Relish the soft and tasty Red Rice for your breakfast."
796,Ratnagiri Alphonso,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,B Natural,114,120,Juices,3.5,The new B Natural Transparent Range presents the most authentic indulgence of Mango. The Alphonso Mango is sourced from Ratnagiri to provide the best mango experience and the goodness of B Natural's new range of bottled beverages. And what's more? This beverage is made from 100% Indian fruits and not from concentrate.
797,Water Wiper - Nano,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Milton - Spotzero,149,149,"Mops, Wipers",2.2,"The Milton Spotzero Steel handle wiper is safe on all surfaces. The base of the product is made from rubber, which makes it easier to pushwater along the floor. The handle has a loop for hanging. This product is made from high- grade material which ensures long lasting life."
798,Tomato Salsa Dip - Enjoy With Nacho Chips,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Habanero,157.5,175,"Hummus, Cheese, Salsa Dip",3.5,"Traditional Mexican Style– A family gathering, having friends over or just to relax at home – dips and chips are the go-to snacks for any occasion. Made with flash-grilled tomatoes and onions, our Tomato Salsa is a traditional Mexican style dip, oozing with authentic taste."
799,Canadian Grade A Maple Syrup,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Maple Joe,481.5,535,Honey & Maple Syrup,3.8,"A healthy way to satisfy your sweet tooth - Maple syrup makes for an excellent accompaniment for food. With its amber colour, its warm notes of caramel and vanilla, and its unique flavour, Maple Joe Maple Syrup should be used as an add-on to your delicious pancakes, wafers, oatmeal, and more. It offers a rich favour without the disadvantages of plain old sugar and is one reason why it is so popular and is growing to be a preferred natural sweetener. Great Source of Nutrients:-All things sweet need not necessarily be unhealthy. Maple Joe, additives free Maple syrup, contains four nutritious minerals, namely, calcium, potassium, magnesium, and manganese. These minerals work in tandem that benefits your body in many ways, starting from strengthening your bones, to regulating your blood sugar. Maple Joe's delicious caramelised flavour also makes it a super healthy alternative to sugar!"
800,"Harippa Roasted Seeds - Pumpkin, Cheesy Onion",Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,120,120,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.8,"Inspired by natural foods consumed by our forefathers, True Elements provides a select range of Snacks andm Supplements, that stand for what our forefathers believed in, but packed and modified for the current generation!"
801,Premium - 3 Follow-Up Formula,Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Dexolac,595,595,Infant Formula,4.5,"Dexolac Premium Stage 3 Follow Up Formula is a powdered milk substitute for babies after 12 months up to 24 months of age. It is specially designed for the baby’s overall growth & brain development. Dexolac Premium contains Neuronutrients like Omega 3 & 6 Fatty acids (precursors of DHA & ARA), Taurine, Choline, Iron & Iodine to help in overall brain development. Contains nutrients like Nucleotides, Selenium, Zinc, and Vitamins A, C, E that support immune function. Improves digestive health with easy to digest Whey proteins, Lactose, and Nucleotides to support the growth of useful bacteria. Formulated with Calcium, Phosphorus, Magnesium, and Vitamin D to help strengthen bones. Dexolac Premium contains optimal levels of Neuronutrients to facilitate the normal brain development of a baby. Unboiled water, unsterilized bowl and spoon or incorrect dilution may endanger the infant’s health."
802,Hand Wash - Green Apple,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,50ap,198,198,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,3.4,"This sweet, ultra-lathering hand wash with a scent of fresh green apples is delightful and uplifts your senses.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
803,Energy Bar Hazelnut Magic 6 pcs + Energy Bar Oat & Apricot 6 pcs,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,On The Run,600,600,Granola & Cereal Bars,3.5,"Dates, hazelnuts, oats and with the power of ashwagandha, it cannot get any better! Whether you need a pre-exercise boost or looking to balance your sugar levels, dates and honey will provide you with a nutritionally balanced blast of sustained energy. Use it as a mid-meal snack or when you crave for a sweet! Hazelnuts are high in healthy polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fats. Ashwagandha will keep you fighting fit!Looking for fibre? Looking for something healthy to keep yourself full for a longer time.This baked bar with oats, walnuts, cranberry, honey and apricot is just the thing you need when hungry. Mild in its sweetness, this bar derives its slightly sour taste from apricots. Oats contain high levels of soluble fibre giving the extended sensation of fullness."
804,Stevia Tablets Dispenser,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,So Sweet,120,120,Exotic Sugar & Salt,4,"So Sweet Stevia Tablets are made of 100% natural Zero calorie sweetener and in the best and healthiest alternative to sugar and artificial sweeteners in daily life (Zindagi). No calories, no carbohydrates, and no artificial ingredients. The non-glycaemic response, no bitterness, no aftertaste. Verified NON-GMO Product. Zero glycaemic Index, safe for diabetics. Smooth taste, Sweet taste, Kosher Certified extract used. 100% natural extraction process of sweetener. Extraction is done, using only water."
805,"Steel Spoon set - Ice cream, Monde","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Anjali,115,150,"Cutlery, Spoon & Fork",4.3,"Anjali spoons simple yet elegant design adds class to the dining area and are a must for every home. They are made using stainless steel that enhance the durability of the utensils, and helps them retain their shine even after multiple wash cycles."
806,My Dream For Him - Perfumed Deodorant Natural Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Embark,295,295,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"About My Dream For Him: Tomorrow is a blank slate. So bring those fresh ideas. Move out of the box. Ditch the common route. Go where your heart takes you. The woody, marine fragrance of My Dream, infused with energizing mandarin and grapefruit, is your carefree spirit and sense of adventure, bottled for eternity.A deep ever-lasting freshness. Fragrance Family: Woody - Marine The Note Story- The Top Notes has Grapefruit and Mandarin, which gives the most impact and initial spark. The Heart Notes belongs to the character to the fragrances. The Base Notes contains Mossy and Amber, which provides long-lasting freshness."
807,Imli Khajoor Chutney,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Madhur,90,90,Cooking Pastes,4.4,Imli Khajoor Chutney is a classic Indian chutney made with dates that lend sweetness to the chutney and tamarind that makes it tangy. This khatta-meetha Date and Tamarind Chutney Recipe is a must when making chaat. Keep in a cool & dry place. 100% vegetarian.
808,Water & Juice Glass - Long,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Krosno - Europe,1099,1099,Glassware,5,"Krosno glasses have been crafted by the finest artists and designs. These glasses combine unique design, exquisite workmanship and latest technological advancements, and are perfect to add to the sophistication and beauty of your home and bars. All of Krosno products are recognised at home and abroad for its quality, beauty, sophistication and crystal clarity."
809,Dry Dates/Kharjura/Chuara,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Soulfit,699,699,Other Dry Fruits,4,"Brown dates are loaded with compound carbohydrates and natural sugars like sucrose, glucose and fructose which makes it a great source of instant and long-lasting energy."
810,Express Shine Sponge - Black,Cleaning & Household,Car & Shoe Care,Kiwi,72,72,Shoe Polish,4.2,Gives an instant shine to leather Extremely easy to handle and apply A unique polish indicator which shows the amount of polish left helps efficient and optimum use of the product.
811,"Storewell Airtight Plastic Container - Transparent, With Purple Lid","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Laplast,339,769,Containers Sets,4,These plastic airtight storewell containers are ideal for household kitchen use. Our kitchen storewell containers are made of high-quality food-grade plastic and they are easy to store in modular kitchen. They are available in size of 1750ml each.
812,Olive Oil - Pomace,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Basso,499,499,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",4.3,"Olive-Pomace oil is made from the residue left after producing virgin olive oil. Olive Pomace Oil is the main cooking grade oil. It is a light oil with neutral taste and flavor and is the most suitable oil for Indian cuisine. Olive pomace oil is obtained by treating the olive residue paste (after the fruit has been pressed) with solvents to extract the oil and then blending this product with extra virgin oil in order to enhance the product and its health benefits. Olive pomace oil is the least expensive olive oil. Why Olive Oil :-Olive oil is the world´s healthiest cooking oil with the highest levels of MUFA 82% (good fat) and one of the lowest levels of saturated fat 10% (bad fat). MUFA in olive oil lowers cardiac risk, and also reduces the risk of diabetes.Fried is in Oily is out."
813,Chai/100% Melamine Water/Juice Tumbler - Red,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo ,149,192,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.8,"This tumbler set is 100% food grade. Made from melamine, it is hygienic and odourless. It has a glazed finish. These glasses can be used for multiple purposes. It looks elegant and stylish at the same time."
814,100% Green Tea,Beverages,Tea,Sprig Tea,141.55,149,Green Tea,3.8,"Energise & jumpstart your metabolism with green tea. Scores of studies have indicated that green tea leaves can promote a healthy metabolism. This is vital to keep your energy levels up and cope with the stress of a typical workday. Our uplifting, 100% pure green tea supplies an abundance of anti-oxidants. These in turn, eliminate damaging free radicals in the body and help essential metabolic pathways perform optimally. Energise is an excellent tonic for a tired body and mind. Tea is crafted from tender green tea leaves with nothing else added. Hit refresh with a piping hot cup of Tea or enjoy it in a tall glass with ice and a twist of lime."
815,Papad - Special Punjabi Masala,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Atish,90,90,"Papads, Ready To Fry",3.2,"Urad Dal Flour, Salt, Water, Hings, Calcium Bi- Carbonate (Papad Khar), Edible Oil, Black Pepper etc."
816,"Anti Viral & Anti Pollution N95 Face Mask - Tesu, Large, Assorted",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Airific,1195,1195,Face Masks & Safety Gears,3,"Airific Anti-Viral & Anti-Pollution Masks are advanced technology masks that keep out >95% of particulate matter, contaminants and >99% of bacteria. It is suitable for all and is available in various sizes. It's also a fashionable mask. Premium, reusable anti-viral and particle filtering mask Viral Filtration Efficiency(VFE) – > 99% Certified N95 and FFP2 respirator Comfortable with extremely low breathing resistance Leading-edge nanotechnology filter. Uses: It protects from harmful dust, pollution and bacteria to enter the body.Disclaimer - We have suspended returns on Face Mask products for the safety of our customers and delivery agents. We will update the policy once the situation has resolved. Thank you for your support and understanding."
817,Cookies - Cashew,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Unibic,36,40,Cookies,4.1,"Baked with Real Butter, Contains added artificial flavour ( Vanllin) Contains Gluten, Milk, Soy and Nut Store in a cool, dry place and away from direct sunlight. Once opened, store in an air tight container Please dispose of this package thoughtfully"
818,"Plastic Bucket With Handle - Off Ivory, New Nova, 15400",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Ratan,307,307,Buckets & Mugs,4.4,"These buckets come in a varied range and are strong yet lightweight. These buckets can be used for indoor needs like bathroom bucket, home cleaning bucket, water storage as well as outdoor purposes like gardening, cleaning etc. It comes with a range of capacities and colour options."
819,Millet Idly & Dosa Batter,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Batter Box,100,100,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.9,"This batter makes fluffy idlis, crisp dosas, soft uthappams and crispy paniyaram equally well. There is no difference in colour, taste and texture of millet batter compared to regular batter. They are gluten-free, rich in fibre, magnesium, proteins, minerals and hence can be helpful in maintaining weight, blood pressure, controls diabetics and also promotes heart health. Strictly we do not use any undesirable ingredients like stabilizers, preservatives and soda."
820,Plastic Clip Mop - 350,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Gebi ,249,349,"Mops, Wipers",3.5,"Gebi presents their innovative range of household cleaning products that are made with premium quality material that ensures durability and strength making them last for a longer time. They can be used for all cleaning purposes and on all surfaces such as, bathrooms, kitchens, sofa, living room, etc. making them convenient and handy for your daily household cleaning."
821,"Prawns, Peeled & Deveined","Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Fresho,405,699,Fresh Fish,3.5,"Product weighed before cleaning and cutting. White Prawns are extraordinary for tender texture, their size and their mild aroma. They are great for Louisiana BBQ shrimp, shrimp boils and other preparations where they can infuse in the flavors of the dish and their feel really stands out. A 100 g serving of white tiger prawns has only 148 mg of sodium, 152 mg of cholesterol and 1.5 grams of fat, 20 grams of protein and 106 calories."
822,Serum Vegital Perfecting Toning Lotion - For All Skin Types,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,YVES ROCHER,697,850,Face Care,3.5,"This targets every type of wrinkle thanks to the powerful anti-wrinkle action of the ice plant. This fresh, invigorating Perfecting Toning Lotion is essential to perfect cleansing and makeup removal. It offers gentle exfoliating action that revives tone and radiance and refines the texture of the skin for an instant new- skin effect. It softy removes makeup and hydrates skin. This product is inspired from plants. It is paraben free, and colourant free. It is tested under dermatological supervision."
823,"Spring Roll Sheets - 6""x6""",Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,Switz,100,110,Frozen Veg Snacks,4,"Switz is the only focused manufacturer of authentic, wheat batter-based, all-purpose spring roll pastry in India. Switz Spring Roll Sheets have high elasticity and strength. Big or small, fried or baked (at 180-degree Celsius or till its golden brown), sweet or savoury, what you will make at home will always be crispy. Just let your imagination go wild on the fillings, and make food magic.Switz Spring Roll Sheets Filling Suggestions: Chicken, mix veg, macaroni and cheese, noodle spring roll, baby corn lollipop Other recipes: Banana fritters, chocolate cigars, money bags, fried wontons, fish roll, tarts, cheese-filled bites. It is suitable for both fresh and frozen preparation."
824,Fiesta Serving Bowl With Serving Spoon - Assorted Colour,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Nakoda,349,564,Plates & Bowls,4,"This serving bowls and spoons are made of high-quality food-grade BPA free virgin plastic that is strong and durable. These serving bowls are suitable for dining table, serving dishes to the guest, family dinner, party, etc.This double moulded designer serving bowl sets gives a very elegant look to your dining table and will leave a very good impression on your guests. Package contains one 800 ml bowl, one 1600 ml bowl, one 2200 ml bowl, 3 lids and 2 serving spoons. This can be safely used in fridge, freezer, dishwasher and microwave for reheating. Comes in a beautiful box pack, this is ideal for gifting to your friends and relatives for housewarming ceremonies."
825,"Glass Water Bottle With Round Base - Yellow, B1367","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,209,499,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"A stylish solution for all your homebrews is this elegantly designed bottle. The bottle is designed using high-quality glass, which proves to be solid and offers great finishing. It features a seal cap with a long-neck design for an easier grip. You can store water, juices, brews and more. Keep your drinks fresh and preserve them for a long time."
826,Small Jars Set With Printed Lids,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Yera,109,130,Glassware,4.2,"Yera is the pioneer in India’s glass Industry since 1958 and traditionally known for making high quality glassware products at the best prices. We are a 100% Made in India Brand. Yera is a trusted name that has reached almost every household of India. These classy jars from Yera available in 3 different sizes are sure to change the way your Kitchen looks. These BPA-free, Non-Toxic jars ensure the safety of you and your family and make food consumption a safer experience.These jars available in different sizes gives you the option of storing a dynamic range of food items like snacks, jars, pickles, etc, and are extremely easy to wash and clean.The sturdy tin lids are unbreakable and don’t let your food go stale and ensures zero leakage or spillage."
827,Tasty Masala Coated Peanuts,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Tasties,105,147,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,3.5,"Tasties Namkeens are a range of traditional Indian Savouries that are, authentic, crisy and deliciously mouth watering. Made by skilled and experienced manufacturers in hygienic state-of-the-art facilities, these flavoursome namkeens will take you back to a time of light-hearted fun, while munching on your favourite snack."
828,Masala - Paneer,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Tata Sampann,37.8,42,Blended Masalas,4.3,"Made of select varieties of Naturally Rich ingredients and with the formulation of Chef Sanjeev Kapoor, Tata Sampann masalas add mouthwatering taste to your food."
829,Singhara Atta - Gluten Free,Gourmet & World Food,"Atta, Flours & Sooji",Graminway,140,140,Flours & Pre-Mixes,3.7,"Graminway Singhara Atta is flour made from water chestnut seeds. It is widely used in fasting in the Northern part of India. It is gluten-free with a glycemic index of 60. Singhara Atte ki Poori and Halwa is consumed when fasting, especially during Navratra. Singhara has antioxidant property. Singhara atta is high in fibre. At Graminway, they believe that everyone deserves to live a full and healthy life. The intake of their food supplements will provide a good foundation for a healthy lifestyle. They are committed to providing the highest quality products at affordable price. They are a company with a purpose beyond profit and want to make a lasting difference in the world. Graminway aims to provide clean, natural, and healthy products without compromising on the flavours and taste. They produce them in small batches, which helps maintain freshness and preserve the ingredient texture."
830,"Plastic Dustbin/Garbage Bin - Green With Black, Polka Dots, Bon Bon, 12081P-M-B",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Ratan,199,320,Dustbins,2.9,These pedal bins are beautiful that goes well with the indoor aesthetics. These are very durable and sturdy and are easy to use and easy to clean. The dustbin has a foot pedal mechanism that permits you to open the dustbin easily with one foot.
831,"Steel Storage/Lunch Container - No.14, Blue, Klip It","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Joyo Steel,219,328,Steel Storage Containers,3.8,"Joyo Klip It Stainless steel container comes with easy locking. These containers are made from high quality non- magnetic stainless steel body. Joyo Klip It container has odourless lid cover with food-grade silicone seal (gasket) in lid & has all 4 sides locks which ensure airtight containers for keeping food fresh, 100% leak-proof containers for keeping food from spilling, stackable design for easily storing the containers on top of each other and the pioneering clip mechanism. Take this container to the office, school, camping or hiking."
832,Pink/Rosa Beauty Bathing Bar,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Dove,193.5,215,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.3,"We think that skin cleansing should be an act of beauty for your skin that leaves it feeling soft and cared for. And Dove Pink Rosa Beauty Bar has a delicate blush of colour that adds a touch of feminine sophistication to your bathroom. It is combined with our ¼ moisturising cream to create a beauty bar that helps nourish your skin during cleansing. Dove Beauty Bars are specially formulated to deliver skin nourishment, helping your skin to keep its natural moisture during cleansing. Pink Rosa Beauty Bar contains our ultra-mild cleansers, which don’t strip skin of moisture as a regular soap bar can. It’s mild enough to be used on your face, body and hands – the perfect addition to your daily skin cleansing routine. Dove is the No.1 Brand recommended by dermatologists in India."
833,Sesame Oil - Cold Pressed,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Health 1st,195,195,Flavoured & Other Oils,4.8,"Sesame Oil is high in nutritional value - a rich source of Omega6 and Vitamin E. Due to its hearty, nutty flavour and its high levels of mono- and polyunsaturated fats, sesame oil has become one of the most popular oils for cooking."
834,Purifying Neem Facial Wipes,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Himalaya,150,200,Face Care,4.3,"Himalaya's Purifying Neem Facial Wipes are soft and non-alcoholic with a gentle formulation that mildly cleanses the skin to keep it clean and healthy. Himalaya's Purifying Neem Facial Wipes are soft and non-alcoholic with a gentle formulation that mildly cleanses the skin to keep it clean and healthy. Enriched with the power of Neem and Turmeric that are known for antibacterial properties, the wipes freshen skin and also help conveniently remove make-up."
835,Fruit Juice - Mango Delight,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Tropicana,164,200,Juices,3.5,"Enjoy the refreshing and delicious taste of mangoes! A special 6-layer protection gives you the goodness of tasty, ready to serve fruit beverage in every glass of Tropicana. Did You Know? Mango, believed to have originated in the sub-Himalayan plains of the Indian subcontinent, is a member of the cashew family of flowering plants & one of the good source of potassium among fruits."
836,International Italian Mushroom Soup,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Knorr,58.5,65,Soups,4.2,"Craving for some restaurant-like soup at home? Try Knorr’s range of authentic appetising, international soups that are easy to make, and delicious to taste. The Knorr Italian Mushroom soup contains handpicked mushrooms and high-the best quality spices. Its perfect blend of authentic appetising flavours gives it a rich aroma and a , delicious, taste, and restaurant-like consistency taste. Made with 100% real vegetables and with no added preservatives, the Knorr range of international soups are ready to savour in 3 simple steps, and can be served to 4 people. Now make your home the centre for parties and dinners with Knorr’s wide range of 11 ready-to-cook soups and 7 cup-a-soup variants."
837,"Plates - Marine Fish, Medium","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,929,1272,Glassware,4,"Add fun to your party with these fish plates. They can be used to put snacks, dry fruits, biscuits or anything else. The neat finish of the product gives it the elegance and beauty that you would want in your kitchen."
838,Pumpkin - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,28,35,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"It is organically grown and handpicked from farm Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
839,Baby Wipes - Gentle,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Himalaya Baby,44,44,Baby Wipes,4.3,"Cleanses, Moisturizes and keeps the delicate baby skin soft. An effective combination of herbs that moisturizes and keeps your baby's delicate skin soft, Aloe Vera ensure moisture balance to keep your baby's skin soft and supple. Indian Lotus keeps the skin dry and smooth, Your baby needs gentle care and Protection.Himalaya Herbal Healthcare range of baby product are specially to ensure the health of your baby's delicate and sensitive skin. Clinically tested for mildness, these product maintain the fragile and complete well-being of your baby's skin."
840,Face Scrub De Tan With Walnut Granules,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,USTRAA,226,350,Face & Body,2,"Exfoliate your tanned skin back to its natural fairness and health with this De-tan face scrub. Stress, unhealthy lifestyle affect your facialskin health leading to pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, uneven colour tone, & dryness. The Ustraa Face Scrub helps repair your skin from all these and much. With bigger walnut granules, it works more efficiently on the face of the men as they have thicker skin. This product is completely paraben and sulphate free."
841,Hazelnut Kernel,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Puramate,153,170,"Baking, Cake Decorations",3.5,"Puramate Hazelnut kernels impart crunchy texture and flavour and taste pleasant in nut and fruit mixes They have rich indulgent flavour and delicately sweet on the inside which makes it perfect match for sweet and chocolate recipes. Hazelnuts are perfect to use for bakery, biscuit, chocolate, ice cream, muesli, cakes, desserts, trail mixes, delicious desserts like halva, kheer, custard etc."
842,Mutton Delicate Chops,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Mutton & Lamb,Premier,550,550,Frozen Mutton,3.5,"Premier Mutton Delicate chops are the meat in goat ribs is close to the bone, which makes them very flavorful. Goat ribs are perfect for braising and grilling. As they are mainly bone, they usually take a longer time to cook than most goat cuts."
843,Snail Moisture Mask Sheet,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,It's Skin,180,180,Face Care,3.5,"Its Skin The Snail Moisture Mask Sheet is a must-have in your skincare routine. It trickles pleasantly over your face, allowing its superb caregiving powers to act. Snail secretion - the innovative beauty marvel smoothens the skin and gives it a beautiful sheen. Give your face an ideal rest with this treatment and revitalize your skin with the magical results of this mask."
844,Nutri-licious Masala Veg Atta Noodles - Pouch,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",MAGGI ,80.88,94,Instant Noodles,4.2,"Introducing the MAGGI NUTRI-LICIOUS Masala Veg Atta Noodles with appetizing aroma and delicious masala taste made using 20 Spices & Herbs. These masalas are roasted to perfection (Refer pack for more details) for an aroma & flavour which you will love. These MAGGI NUTRI-LICIOUS Masala Veg Atta Noodles are a truly a good combination of delicious and nutritious Whole Wheat Flour (Atta), Colorful Vegetables & 20 Spices & Herbs. Also, loaded with the goodness of whole wheat, each meal is deliciously filling. Each serve (72.5g) of the MAGGI Masala Veg Atta Noodles is a Source of Fibre & Iron (Refer pack for more details). Making MAGGI NUTRI-LICIOUS Masala Veg Atta Noodles is as easy as it could ever be – Simply empty the Masala Tastemaker(R) Sachet into 1 ½ teacup (225 ml) of boiling water, add the noodles cake, & stir."
845,Masala - Mumbai Bhaji Pav,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Badshah,35,35,Blended Masalas,4.4,Bombay bhaji pav masala assures you the finest seasoning for this dish and badshah assures you the best value and savor of this dish. Pav bhaji is a dish from the western part of india that has long been one of indias preferred snack foods. It also boasts a very fine nutrition value. Make a pleasant bombay bhaji pav masala with this simple to use masala mix.
846,Squash - Sarasaparilla/Nannari/Sugandhi Root,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,NaturoBell,140,140,Syrups & Concentrates,2.5,
847,Pure Country Jaggery/Bella Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Salt, Sugar & Jaggery",Samvuddhi & Co,97,97,Sugar & Jaggery,3.9,Country Jaggery powder. Natural and traditional country jaggery powder is good for health as it contains all the goodness of sugarcane. Add jaggery powder to all your favourite sweet dishes. Use it for traditional and religious functions where it is served to the deity. It is traditional jaggery powder and is healthy and tasty.
848,"Steel Storage/Lunch Container - No.21, Pink, Klip It","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Joyo Steel,129,199,Steel Storage Containers,2.8,"Joyo Klip It Stainless steel container comes with easy locking. These containers are made from high quality non-magnetic stainless steel body. Joyo Klip It container has odourless lid cover with food-grade silicone seal (gasket) in lid & has all 4 sides locks which ensure airtight containers for keeping food fresh, 100% leak-proof containers for keeping food from spilling, stackable design for easily storing the containers on top of each other and the pioneering clip mechanism. Take this container to the office, school, camping or hiking."
849,"Sanitary Pads - XL Plus Wings, Ultra",Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Whisper ,156.75,170,Sanitary Napkins,4.3,"It is about living your life by your own rules despite what society says. It is about choosing for yourself, every day of the month. This revolutionary product Whisper Ultra Clean XL+ has odour lock gel that locks up to 100% wetness and even odour and gives you the freedom to live life by your own rules, even during periods. Because its Meri life, mere rules."
850,Herbal Peptide + Hyaluronic 4% Firming Serum - Complete Age Control Concentrate,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Soulflower,1530,1800,Face Care,3.4,"Complete Age Control Youthful. Polished. Redefined A silky, lightweight, non-oily resculpting formula, supercharged with peptides that lift the look of your skin giving a corset-like effect, and making your features appear tightened & defined. Enhance your facial aesthetics and say bye to sag. Soulflower brings you a bi-functional treatment that nourishes while imparting a firmer, plush look. The technologies present in this concentrated formula contain Peptides that are chains of amino acids inhibiting damage free radicals while helping to improve your skin’s elasticity. These groups firm the look of skin, reducing the signs of fine lines and wrinkles."
851,Agar Agar Vegetarian Gelatin,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,By Nature,449,449,"Baking, Cake Decorations",3.5,"Agar agar, also known as just agar, is a mix of carbohydrates extracted from seaweed, specifically red sea algae. It is a helpfulm culinary ingredient and can be used to thicken soups, make jams & jellies, custards, icem creams & other desserts that need to gelatinize & set."
852,Green Tea - Jasmine,Beverages,Tea,Typhoo,166,195,Green Tea,3.9,"This light, refreshing tea with a sweet fragrance of jasmine is a fragile favourite. The mesmerisingly tasty and breezy Green Tea Jasmine that is ideal for your calming moments. Take a sip and let the floral flavor serenade your taste buds with its cleanness. Enjoy served with no milk."
853,Sapphire Storage Container - Assorted Colour,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,249,301,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",3.5,"Different sized containers make it a perfect combo for your kitchen & fridge. Plastic is thin, bpa free, air tight, freezer safe, non toxic container,100% food grade. Transparent body for easy identification of contents, containers have an air tight seal that completely locks the crisp and flavor of the contents you put in as does not lose moisture, the taste and nutritive value of the contents remains intact for a long time. Ideal for any busy kitchen, the lidded food-storage containers make it simple to freeze meals ahead of time, store healthy snacks or leftovers in the fridge, or keep dry goods fresh in the pantry. Bpa free and stain resistant, the plastic containers offer long-lasting durable strength. The food-storage containers offer a space- saving stackable design. They fit one on top of the other."
854,Secondary Class Students - Online Learning,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Classmate,249,256,"Notebooks, Files, Folders",3.5,"Classmate Notebooks are made to the highest quality standards. Made from superior quality paper and pulp, the pages are whiter, brighter and smoother. The superior cut and excellent finish ensure the pages are in perfect alignment without any folded corners. The superior binding strength and wrapper lamination make them as durable as ever. These notebooks come with a wide variety of covers with activities and trivias to make every classmate notebook unique in its own way. Classmate Notebooks are made to the highest quality standards. Made from superiorquality paper and pulp, the pages are whiter, brighter and smoother. The superior cut and excellent finish ensure the pages are in perfect alignment without any folded corners. The superior binding strength and wrapper lamination make them as durable as ever."
855,"Apple - Green, Premium",Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,145,181.25,Apples & Pomegranate,3.5,"Green apples have a pleasing light-green coloured skin with a sweet and sour taste. They contain more fiber, less carbohydrates and sugar than red apples. Premium apples are handpicked by our experts to give you the best quality apples. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1865/apple-cobbler/"
856,3-In-1 Conditioning Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Brylcreem,225,225,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.5,"Men’s hair & scalp are different, men sweat more, are prone to dandruff & hair fall more and therefore need more. That’s why Brylcreem 3-In-1 Conditioning Shampoo for men. It is no ordinary shampoo. It nourishes 3 scalp layers deep, targets dandruff, itch & dryness at source & increases scalp’s natural resistance & strengthens hair from root to tip.What’s in the mix- Formulation contains dual actives ZPTO & Climbazole, known to target dandruff, itch & dryness at source & increases scalp’s natural resistance & strengthens hair from root to tip.About Brylcreem - Brylcreem is a classic men’s grooming brand established in 1928 in the UK, originally sold to barbers to keep hair in place after a cut. It gained prominence in popular culture when members of the British Royal Air Force were nicknamed ‘Brylcreem Boys’ during world war II."
857,Makhana - Himalayan Salt & Pepper,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Nutty Yogi,79,79,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Nutty Yogi Himalayan Salt & Pepper Makhanas are roasted and healthy. Himalayan salt & pepper, when brought together, creates the perfect after taste. Save yourself from unhealthy junk and switch to this healthy and tasty option. Who said healthy food cant be tasty anyways?"
858,Gold Flash - Mosquito Repellent Combo Machine & Refill,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Good knight,160.2,178,Mosquito Repellent,4.2,"Goodknight Gold Flash is India’s Most Powerful Liquid Vapouriser. It consists of a mosquito repellent cartridge (refill) and clip-on electronic machine. This vapouriser system is powered by Gold Flash technology which has 2 modes - Flash and Normal Mode. Use Flash Mode when there are more mosquitoes, and Normal Mode when there are fewer mosquitoes. Visible powerful Flash vapours instantly spread across the room and drive away mosquitoes, even the hidden ones. Flash mode releases visible vapours for 30 minutes every 4 hours."
859,Maharasnadi Kwath,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Kerala Ayurveda,175,175,Ayurveda,3.5,Kerala Ayurveda Maharasnadi Kwath is a polyherbal decoction with potent anti-inflammatory benefits and effective in all types of Vata disorders. It helps checks the degeneration of bones and joints and also beneficial in musculoskeletal and nerve-related disorders. The intake of Maharasnadi Kwath also helps with male and female fertility issues.
860,Aloe Face Wash Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Green Leaf,108,120,Face Care,3.8,"Green Leaf Aloe Face Wash Gel is an ayurvedic soap-free gel with scrub beads that combines the superior skin care of Aloe Vera with the skin healing qualities of Turmeric and Tea tree. Green Leaf aloe face wash gel has ISO-diametric scrub beads that gently exfoliate the dead skin tissue while maintaining the skin moisture, to give a fresh and radiant look. It is suitable for all skin types. Regular usage reduces Pimples and Acne as Turmeric heals, Tea tree clears and Aloe Vera moisturises your skin. Aloe Vera with turmeric and tea tree oil is known for retaining the natural oils of the skin yet effectively reducing skin impurities like pimples and acne without letting the skin dry. An Ayurvedicm product with no known side-effects."
861,"Energy Bars - Berry, 4+ Years, 100% Natural & Healthy",Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Timios,700,700,Chocolates,3.8,"Timios Berry Energy Bars are made from 100% natural and real fruits with the wholesome and goodness of a wide variety of berries which are loaded and packed with antioxidants and various other essential nutrients that are ideal for the development of cognition and other physical attributes in your little one. This product does not contain processed sugar, artificial colours, added flavour and added preservatives."
862,Hot & Cold Jug - Thermo Tuff,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Asian,349,435,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.5,"Asian Hot & Cold Jug Thermo Tuff is a storage vessel. It helps to keep your liquid hot or cold for hours without spilling it. The flask has a spill-proof lid that ensures no leakage. It has a strong and durable body. It has a double wall that stops the heat loss. It is ideal for home, office, school and travel use. Its outer body and the inner jar is made out of good quality stainless steel and its middle layer is insulation with quality PUF."
863,PP Apple Belt,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Kantan,30,30,"Marshmallow, Candy, Jelly",5,Fini Fantan Apple Belts contains green apple flavoured licorice belts which are one of the best zest bites. These candies come in a sweet & sour green apple flavour which excite & tingles your sense like no other candies. These candies are coated with powdered sugar to get them that additional sugary punch. The fun belt-like shape of these jellies is the best way to make snack time fun for kids. These green apple flavour candies combined with some other soft & hard candies make an absolute gift for kids’ birthdays and Halloween parties trick-or-treat. As these candies can be stored for a long time as well.
864,Shade Revive Plant Based Liquid Laundry Detergent,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Born Good,262.65,309,"Detergent Powder, Liquid",3.5,"Born Good™ Plant-Based Shade Revive Detergent is India’s first scientifically formulated fade-fighting detergent. This innovative performance detergent is created especially for your solid, dark-coloured garments and linen. From the first wash, it protects new garments from fading and restores the colour of used, dark-coloured garments. The microscopic residues left behind are not harmful to the environment as well."
865,Sensual - Handmade Jasmine Bathing Bar With Natural Chunks,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,BodyHerbals,199,199,Bathing Bars & Soaps,2,The ayurvedic blend of jasmine with other herbs is a natural tonic for the skin which helps in maintaining moisture and hydration. The divine essential oil of jasmine inspires heightened sensuality. The chunks inside will ensure better cleansing and moisturising. Have a fresh start with this Handmade Jasmine Bathing Bar by BodyHerbals.
866,El Paso Deodorant,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Lomani,150,250,Men's Deodorants,4.7,"Deodorants are made to remove your body odour while adding that much-needed zeal of freshness. When you are smelling bad, it can lower down your confidence level, changing the way you mingle with people and talk to them. Lomani El Paso can do it for you with its Wild West-inspired fragrance!"
867,Complete Detergent Washing Powder,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Ariel ,280,280,"Detergent Powder, Liquid",4.4,"Recommended by top washing machine brands, New Ariel Complete Detergent Washing Powder gives you tough stain removal in just 1 wash. Designed to work in semi-automatic washing machine, Ariel gives brilliant results in both semi-automatic washing machine as well as in hand wash. Ariel dissolves in water completely to remove tough stains like juice, chocolate, tomato and butter/ghee. Perfect for all your clothes, Ariel washing powder helps to give you impeccable cleaning and keeps your clothes smelling fresh. Step out into the world with confidence knowing that you have Ariel as your partner in laundry."
868,Classic Chicken Delite Soup,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Knorr,49.5,55,Soups,4.3,"The Knorr Chicken Delite Soup is made with Real Chicken and vegetables giving it a lip-smacking taste and perfect consistency every time. Made with 100% real vegetables and no added preservatives, this soup is ready in three simple steps and serves four. This is the perfect soup for all Chicken lovers. So now enjoy Restaurant like delicious Soup at home.Knorr Soups range comprises of 11 delicious flavours of 4 serve soups and 7 flavours of Cup-a-soup. Great taste is in our Nature! Knorr has gone to great lengths to ensure a perfect blend of Ingredients and consistency that give you Restaurant like Soup at home.About Knorr: Just like you, we love everything about food, because no delicious meal is cooked without love. Love for carefully selected Ingredients, flavours and spices, or the aroma of dinner wafting through your home."
869,Kitchen Cloth - Big,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Raju's Cloth,99,99,Dust Cloth & Wipes,2,Rajus Kitchen Cloth is an essential for every household and is used to clean the kitchen. The big size of the cloth helps cover larger area to clean quicker.
870,Sugar Free Butter Cookies,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Unibic,34,40,Cookies,4.2,"Unibic Sugarfree Butter cookies are deliciously soft, chewy and healthy cookies with 20% Butter. It contains maltitol and no added sugar."
871,Chef Curated Marinade Pahadi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Cambay Tiger,120,120,Blended Masalas,5,"Product in pack: A Hariyali delicacy, relished by many. Pahadi is a Ready to Use Powdered Marinade. Mix with oil to form a paste and use. Goes well with Chicken, Seafood, Paneer and more. Pack size: 100 g Try our ""Chef Curated Marinades' These powdered marinades help make cooking convenient, flavourful and delicious. They are ready to use when mixed with oil to form a paste and applied to the protein ( chicken, fish, paneer) to be marinated. These delicious marinades help add flavour to daily mundane cooking and are easy to use. How it tastes: Mild spicy, masaledar mix with a hint of cumin and chillies. Meet the rest of the flavours: Butter Garlic I Cheese & Onion I Amritsar I Tikka I Pink Pepper Lime I Chili Garlic I Chili Lime"
872,Pro 4 Shaving Razor for Men - Blade + Handle + Cap,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,LetsShave,299,299,Shaving Care,3.5,"LetsShave Pro 4 Razor is a 4-Blade razor with 4 Stainless Steel blades that are carefully positioned on the Angulated Blade Platform to deliver a perfect and gentle shave in a single stroke. The Moisturising Band at the top is enriched with Aloe Vera, Vitamin E, and Lavender Extract that moisturises and protects even sensitive skin against irritation. The Pivoting head makes the blades glide easily and smoothly along your facial contours to give you a close shave without nicks and cuts. Large, Soft Rubber Fin at the bottom Protects & Prepares your skin before shaving. The Superior Open Flow Architecture at the back of the cartridge makes rinsing easy and quick thus keep the blades clean and hygienic. Ergonomically designed handle with non- slip Rubber grip gives excellent control for a comfortable shave, even in wet conditions."
873,Curcumin Imbued Honey,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Sprig,499,499,Honey & Maple Syrup,4.6,"This immunity booster is a blend of pure honey empowered by bioactive Curcumin, derived from turmeric. Add a tablespoon to a glass of warm milk, stir well and consume immediately. Curcumin is of immense scientific interest and is widely cited in Cancer research for its anti-inflammatory activity."
874,Flakes - Ragi,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Health Sutra,60,60,Kids Cereal,4.3,Highly nutrtious breafast cereal/Poha. Skip Oats/Cornflakes - Eat Millets. Made from Finger Millet (Ragi). These Ragi flakes can be had with hot milk for breakfast and can be used to make Poha/Chiwda. Millets are the desi way to stay fit.
875,Sports Sunscreen Lotion SPF 50,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR ,247,380,Face Care,3.7,"Sports Sun Protection SPF 50 is a light, sweat-proof formula that stays on the skin and fights environmental damage for long hours. It is suggested to apply this lotion for long outdoor activities, beach sports, swimming and otherwise any long exposure to the sun. So no matter what game you play, this sunscreen lotion is a teammate that you can always count on. It contains MBBT - protects from the suns UVA rays and has anti-ageing properties, OMC - protects from UVB rays and prevents sunburn, Oxybenzone - prevents from the UVB rays of the sun and reduces melanin formation, Calendula extracts - help to soothe and tone the skin, acts as an astringent and has healing properties, Swiss moisturisers - anti-inflammatory and reduces sunburn."
876,Tea - Masala Vasala,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Chymey,449,449,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"Full bodied and malty, this spicy, golden brown elixir is adorned with the magic and goodness of Indian spices pledged to rekindle your senses. An absolute must-have for any tea party!"
877,"Diabetic Care - Apple Cider Vinegar Blended With Bermuda Grass, Guava Leaf Juice & Honey",Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,DrNatcure,449.1,499,Balsamic & Cider Vinegar,5,"The combined hypoglycemic effects of Bermuda Grass and Apple Cider Vinegar helps control blood sugar levels. With ginger and guava leaves, it is very efficient in managing diabetes-related disorders. Acts as potent alkalizer, helps in increasing the alkalise levels and lowers acidity. Helps during acidosis, lowering internal inflammation and battle gut infections. Bermuda Grass, a natural detoxifier helps in cleansing the liver and flushes out the toxins from the body. Its antiseptic and anti-inflamatory properties can help in cases of eczema, psoriasis, wound and fungal infections. Also boosts immunity."
878,Papaya & Apricot Anti Tan Scrub,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Glamveda,208,260,Face Care,3.7,"This Papaya & Apricot Anti Tan Scrub deeply exfoliates & brightens, removes tanning & uneven skin tone and replenish & rejuvenate skin. The amazing formula smooths away dry & dull-looking skin. This scrub is easy to use. This 100% natural exfoliant is non-comedogenic, paraben-free and oil-free."
879,Pasta - Orecchiette,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",PastificioG Di Martino,325,325,Pastas & Spaghetti,3.5,"Di Martino pasta is made using 100% Italian grain, durum wheat flour from Gragnano, Italy and has been awarded the prestigious IGP status, the Indicazione Geografica Protetta - protected geographical indication guaranteeing the quality and provenance of traditionally-made regional products. A cut that originated in Puglia. As the name suggests, the shape resembles that of small ears."
880,Bio Green - Apple Fresh Daily Purifying Shampoo & Conditioner,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,BIOTIQUE,74.25,99,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.3,Rejuvenate your oil hair or scalp in minutes with these nourishing daily shampoo and conditioner. Its special pH balanced formula is uber gentle on the hair and makes it shine.
881,Olive Pomace Oil,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Pietro Coricelli,2800,2800,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",2.5,"Since 1939, the family-owned and managed Pietro Coricelli has been making olive oil with passion, focus and commitment to innovation and tradition. An art that has been passed down from generation to generation. The Company can assert that all of its quality certifications confirm to the highest standards. Pietro Coricelli manufactures a full range of Mediterranean olive oils, extra virgin olive oils, pomace olive oils, as well as flavoured oils.Olive oil is rich in antioxidants and has strong inflammatory properties. It prevents strokes, reduces the risk of cancer, obesity, and prevent premature ageing."
882,Green Stuffed Hot Pepper Pickle,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Sakurafresh,250,250,"Jams, Marmalade, Spreads",3.5,"The Rajasthani Athana style influenced our Green Stuffed Hot Pepper Pickle. The long green hot chilli pepper is pickled whole, slit, stuffed with mustard and mixed spices and then matured in traditional style for a few months. A spoonful of this spicy pickle makes a fiery condiment for curries and dipping bread. All Sakurafresh pickles are made and cured by traditional methods and blended with spices and oil to give you truly authentic homemade taste."
883,Organic Basmati Rice/Basmati Akki - White,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,237.5,250,"Organic Rice, Other Rice",3.8,"Basmati, the king of rice is well-known to have the most delightful fragrance and beautiful long grains along with that our basmati comes with totally no artificial additions. All along with these qualities, our basmati also comes with totally no harmful additives and pesticides."
884,UV Away Moist Jumbo Sun Block,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,It's Skin,1200,1200,Face Care,4.5,Protect your skin from the harmful rays of the sun with the It's Skin UV Away Moist Jumbo Sun Block. It has a non sticky moisture finish that protects the skin from sun and external environment effectively. It has SPF50+ PA++ that takes care of both your face as well as the body.
885,"LED Bulb - 12 Watt, Cool White, B22","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,C&S Electric,149,269,CFL & Led Bulbs,3.3,"With a look that is very similar to traditional filament bulbs, C&S LED Bulbs are an instant replacement for them, as they fit into the same sockets and need no further reconfiguring while giving you regular brightness at a fraction of the wattage consumed. This LED Bulb has a long life span, they save up to 90% energy, and they have no mercury. It gives 25,000 hours omnidirectional illuminations."
886,Crunchy Cinnamon Almond Butter,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Nutty Yogi,389,389,Butter & Cream,3.2,"Nutty Yogi Crunchy Cinnamon Almond Butter is healthy and nutritious. This almond butter is low in carbs and high in proteins. It is made with natural almonds, cinnamon, sugar and salt. This almond butter is flavoured with warm cinnamon. It is a good source of Vitamin E, magnesium and fibre. It is rich smooth and creamy and is perfect to start your morning."
887,MaxFresh Pink Spicy Fresh Gel Toothpaste - Rajasthan Royals Special Edition Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,89.25,105,Toothpaste,3.5,"Don’t let the trolls get you down. #MaxFreshTheTrolls with Colgate MaxFresh toothpaste which refreshes you and helps you seize the day. Infused with menthol and cooling crystals, this red gel toothpaste gives you intense cooling and a burst of freshness. This red gel toothpaste helps you fight cavities, prevents germ build-up and helps in teeth whitening with continuous use. And now, you can stand a chance to meet your favourite team with this special edition pack. Simply scan the QR code on the back of the pack, follow the instructions and you could meet them."
888,Elegance Deodorant - For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Yardley London,159.2,199,Men's Deodorants,3.9,"This Yardley Perfumed deodorant body spray is packed with elegance and beauty with an ever-lasting fragrance. Enjoy the rich and the authentic fragrances from the house of Yardley, which will keep you energizing and rejuvenating."
889,Natural Baby Wash,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,The Moms Co,149,149,Baby Bath,3.5,"Our Natural Baby Wash is a toxin-free combination of Coconut based mild cleansers that gently clean, while oils like Avocado, Organic Chamomile, and Organic Aloe Vera gel help soften and soothe your baby's delicate skin. The Moms Co. Natural Baby Wash is a clinically-tested and tear-free baby wash that works great as a top to toe wash for babies or toddlers with little hair."
890,Bajra Pearls - Roasted,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Nutty Yogi,89,89,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Nutty Yogi's Roasted Bajra Pearls are light and crunchy. It is filled with the goodness of roasted grains and spices that gives you a tasty experience. It has potassium, which dilates blood vessels, allowing blood to flow more easily. It makes a perfect alternative for your evening junk food craving."
891,Tamarind/Hunisehannu,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Eastern,65,65,Whole Spices,3.9,Tamarind is used in a number of Indian and Asian dishes to give food a tangy flavour. It is also believed to ease stomach discomfort and aid digestion.
892,Kitchen Towel Paper Reusable Tissue Washable,Cleaning & Household,"Disposables, Garbage Bag",Beeta,180,180,Kitchen Rolls,3.8,"EAN Code: 8906023212029 Country of origin: India For Queries/Feedback/Complaints, Contact our Customer Care Executive at: Phone: 1860 123 1000 | Address: Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited, Ranka Junction 4th Floor, Tin Factory bus stop. KR Puram, Bangalore - 560016 Email:customerservice@bigbasket.com"
893,Organic Bisibelebath Mix - Kodo Millet,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,115,115,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.5,"Millets are micronutrients which are nutritious and is a replacement for rice and wheat. Bisibelebath is a popular dish in Karnataka. It is called Sambar Rice in other Southern states. This bisibelebath is made out of Kodo millet. Kodo millet is high in fibre and protein content, rich in B vitamins, gluten-free and it improves digestion. Certified organic products are only used."
894,Wisal Dhabab Perfume Deodorant For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Ajmal,225,299,Men's Deodorants,3.8,"Cast in a magnificent gilt-edged bottle, Wisal Dhahab is the new Mukhallat spray from the house of Ajmal. The fragrance opens with Fruity Fresh top notes embellished with Apple, Peach, Pear, Grapefruit and Mandarin. At its Heart, the essence engulfs Floral highlights of Rose, Jasmine, Orchid and Geranium. And to complete the sheer experience of the journey, the Base Notes are Woody Musky resonating with Sandalwood, Cedarwood, Patchouli and Musk. Wisal Dhahab is a fragrance that is perfectly crafted for those who wish to add an extra touch of gold and shimmer to their persona."
895,Palakkad Red Matta Boiled Rice - Unda,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,bb Royal,242,350,Boiled & Steam Rice,3.5,"The matta rice is brown in colour and has a lot of health benefits. The matta rice that is not polished is called 'whole grain matta rice or 'brown rice'. Matta rice is ideal for daily use to make idlis, appams, Kondattam, Murukku & more. With its earthy flavour, Matta rice is the perfect accompaniment for many curries. All the nutrients continue to remain in the unpolished rice, while it is lost in polished rice. Polishing removes all the nutrients, leaving behind only the carbohydrates."
896,Olive Vegetable Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Treasures,156.75,165,Aromatherapy,3.5,"Olive oil has numerous beneficial qualities. Apart from being a good cooking aid, it is also known to have unique medicinal qualities. The phenols present in olive oil have anti-inflammatory properties. The antimicrobial characteristics of the oil are a result of its strong aroma. Rich in antioxidants, olive oil slows the natural aging process of the human body. Used in cosmetic products and natural herbal therapy, olive oil does wonders for the skin, which gets a natural shine and glow from the enriching oil. It is well known to aid in the digestive process. It is used as a medicinal oil to clean the digestive tract and to improve bowel movements."
897,Hearts & Kisses For Women,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Dorall Collection,419.3,599,Eau De Toilette,3.6,"Hearts & Kisses by Dorall Collection is a celebration of sunshine and modern femininity, and it presents a distinctly sweet, floral experience that’s perfect for any warm-weather wardrobe. This fragrance is elected to embrace the warmth of the sun with each and every ingredient.The top notes include hints of apple and a variety of aqueous. This attention-grabbing opener blends into heart notes of rose and jasmine, which in turn fades into the base notes of sandalwood and musk to add just a touch of a warm, earthy effect. This fragrance is ideal for use during warm spring or summer daytime events."
898,Chocos - Moons & Stars,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Kelloggs,175,175,Kids Cereal,4.2,"Wheat-based breakfast cereal with yummy chocolaty taste and the goodness of wholegrain shaped liked moons and stars. At Kellogg, we're always trying to look for ways to brighten your life, from quality and safe products to informative labels. We focus on things that encourage a healthier tomorrow. We do things you love the most about us: our taste, convenience, and nutrition. Helping You Be Your Best. Now, for Over 100 Years we have been making quality products for a healthier world. We are improving the nutrition credentials of our foods – without sacrificing the delicious taste you love – A nourishing tastier breakfast every day!"
899,Instant Diet Popcorn - Contains Olive Oil,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,PIPO,10,10,Chips & Corn Snacks,3.9,"The health-conscious need not worry about snacking any more, as with PIPO's Instant Diet popcorn- you can have unlimited fun. It is gluten and cholesterol free which makes it a very light and healthy snack. It is an anytime snack to get rid of your food cravings. Just Cook, serve in 3 minutes."
900,Ultra Mosquito Repellant Refill - Floral Fragrance,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,All Out,72,72,Air Freshener,4.2,"All Out Ultra Power+ Floral fragrance refill kills mosquitoes, including those that may carry Dengue. It can be used with All Out Ultra Power+ Slider or Fan Machine. Together, they provide convenient mosquito protection that can be controlled between low to high mode, depending on the intensity of mosquitoes. Once plugged in, it does not need to be replaced daily. Leaves a fresh, floral scent. See the label for detailed precautions and usage directions."
901,Con Con Corn Chips - BBQ,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tong Garden,120,120,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Tong Garden Con Con-Corn Chips Barbeque, best quality chips from imported brand specially prepared for snacks. When you think of nuts, you probably think of peanuts, beans or even peas products. But there is a lot more to tong garden than candy bars and snack"
902,Disinfectant Surface Sanitizer,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Maxkleen,71.1,79,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.6,"Disinfectant Surface Cleaner from Maxkleen helps to kill 99.9% of Bacteria and Germs. It is an ideal and very effective surface maintainer. Sanitize the surfaces with this disinfectant and keep your home germ-free."
903,Surekha Boiled Rice,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,bb Royal,228,300,Boiled & Steam Rice,3.5,"Boiled Rice is the rice that has been partially boiled in the husk. Ponni Boiled Rice is fresh, it is cleaned and packed at our hygienic facilities. It is relishing in flavour and provides a high nutrition value to anyone's diet. They are parboiled by soaking, steaming and drying. The steaming enables the rice to absorb nutrients and changes the starch so that it cooks into a firmer, less sticky dish of rice than regular white rice."
904,Peri Peri Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Smith & Jones,42.24,48,Blended Masalas,3.9,"Peri Peri - A Spice Mix from the house of Smith & Jones. It is a Spice mix which is tangy and spicy hot in flavour. It can be used as a Mix or a Sprinkler. It is popularly known as the modern-day chaat masala. Experience the exotic spicy twist with a tangy note that turns your food extra delicious. You can add this to your Fries, Pastas, Pizzas, Pakoras, Chicken, BBQ, Salads, Fruits, Sabzi, Curry, Chaats, Dals etc to make it more exciting. Kids will just love this twist on any snack."
905,Haldi Drops,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Zandu,190,190,Ayurveda,3.5,"Zandu brings ""Zandu Haldi Drops"", a unique formulation with the goodness of Haldi, along with Saffron, Cinnamon, Cardamom and Black pepper. It has immunomodulatory (Rasayana), Anti-inflammatory (Shothahar), Analgesic (Shulahar) as well as Blood purifier (Rakta shodhaka) properties. Useful in the management of skin disorders (Tvagroga), Cough, cold and allergic rhinitis (Kasa, Pratishyaya & Pinasa) and helps improve overall health and well being."
906,Pasta - 37B Penne Rigate,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Colavita,92,115,Extra Virgin Olive Oil,2,"A product of Italy! The Colavita Pasta company was founded in 1912 in the small hilltop town of Sant'Elia a Pianisi, in Molise, Italy, a region where the rolling hills are still today covered by golden fields of wheat. The people of Molise hold an unwavering respect for the craft of pasta making and it's in this spirit that the Colavita family continues to draw upon the resources of their homeland to produce superb pasta using only 100% durum wheat semolina and fresh mountain spring water with no salts or artificial ingredients added. Pasta is a fundamental component of the Mediterranean diet, so it's no wonder Colavita Pasta is the authentic Italian choice for home cooks and chefs around the world."
907,Asafoetida Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,G.D ,160,160,Powdered Spices,4.2,"G.D Asafoetida (Hing) is traditionally used as a carminative. G.D Asafoetida is one of the most preferred asafoetida brands across the southern states. Asafoetida is the queen of spices and it enhances the food taste and serves as a digestive aid for humans. Minute quantities of G.D Asafoetida (Hing) in food are beneficial for proper digestion. It is effective over various digestive disorders like flatulence, colic and stomach spasm, acidity, intestinal worms and digestive weakness."
908,Face Wash - Blush & Glow Strawberry Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lakme,153.75,205,Face Care,4.3,"Use the Lakme Blush and Glow Gel Face Wash to give your skin a gorgeous kissed glow, every day. Formulated by Lakme Salon experts & enriched with the goodness of rich Strawberry extracts. The face wash has fruit anti- oxidants and beads that cleanse your skin washing away dirt and other impurities. For the best results. Follow this simple Blush & Glow regime every day for a fruit-kissed glow every day. The beautiful texture & fragrance will make you fall in love instantly.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
909,Blueberry Almond Crisps,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Epiphany Snacks,225,225,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"A bite full of happiness and health is what we like to call this little treat. The playful sweetness of blueberries gets complimented by Vitamin E rich California almonds, perfectly balanced in our Blueberry Almond Crisps. These energy boosters are light yet filling and offer a flush of deliciousness in your mouth and moment, with its juicy handpicked blueberries married with roasted California Almond bits."			
910,"Toothpaste - Whitening, Cavity Protection, 150 G",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Pepsodent,85,100,Toothpaste,4.2,"Get pearly white teeth with this Pepsodent Whitening Germ check+ Toothpaste. The specially designed formula of this toothpaste helps fight tooth cavities and decay. The protective elements in this toothpaste helps prevent plaque formation and gum sensitivity. With a fresh flavour, the toothpaste gives an everlasting fresh and clean breath. Regular use of it results in lesser bacteria and germ formation. This toothpaste is perfect for every member of your family from toddlers to elders. So dont worry about indulging in your favorite foods ever again!"
911,"Bathing/Cleaning Bucket - With Plastic Handle, Mango Yellow, L1145PH-LT MY",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Princeware,249,408,Buckets & Mugs,4.4,It is made of polypropylene and it is really durable with high endurance. It features strong and sturdy construction and is ideal for daily use due to its compact weight. The polypropylene material adds to a great mix of quality and style.
912,Organic Puttu - Pearl Millet,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Aaha Oho,68,68,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,2.3,"Puttu originates from Kerala and is mainly made out of Rice. This recipe is adopted using Pearl Millets and presented in a convenient form. Pearl Millet is beneficial in treating stomach ulcers and for heart health. High in magnesium, it helps in bone growth, reduces cancer risk, helps in weight loss, reduces cholesterol, and is beneficial for diabetes. Certified organic products are only used to prepare this puttu."
913,Muesli - Gluten Free,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,Bobs Red Mill,790,790,Muesli & Rice Cakes,3.5,"Gluten-Free Muesli is inspired by the traditional Swiss cereal developed by Dr. Maximilian Bircher-Benner. This lovely blend of gluten-free oats, dried fruits, nuts, and seeds can be enjoyed a plethora of ways: with yoghurt, milk, or juice, hot or cold, straight out of the bag or soaked overnight."
914,Organic Powder - Red Chilly,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Organic Tattva,52.25,55,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.1,"Make tempting vegetables, curries and other delicacies with this Organic Tattva Red Chilli Powder. It is prepared by grinding different types of chillies in a fine powder. Some chilli powders present a dim red color but are low in spice content. The chilli powder is rich in vitamin C and vitamin A content. Vitamin A from this spice helps to keep your teeth, eyesight, skin, bones and reproductive system."
915,Thyme,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,HappyChef,79,109,Herbs & Seasoning,3.5,"A medicinal Mediterranean herb that comes with a mild mint flavour. It is an excellent source of dietary fibre, calcium, vitamin K and Iron. It adds a warm and distinct taste to the dishes. You can add it in chicken and fish marinades, stews, vegetables, etc. It can also be used as a garnish to add a piquant flavour."
916,"Steel Deep Dabba/Storage Container - No. 14, Plain","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,BB Home,329,459,Steel Storage Containers,3.5,"BB Home Canister/Container Deep Dabba is a long cylindrical-shaped storage container, made of fine quality stainless steel that is durable and ideal for storing grains, snacks and other edibles. They are easy to clean and maintain. They add a great addition to your modular kitchen."
917,"Coco Oval Basket With Lid - Medium, Assorted Colour",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,159,182,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",3.5,"This Coco Oval Basket With Lid is a premium quality BPA free having a smooth finish, highest quality, lightweight and appealing design. Multi-utility baskets: -store anything and everything, from fruits, vegetables, pantry items, toiletries, beauty products, school supplies, mail, magazines and more."
918,Aluminium Induction Base Flat Bottom Patila Tope Pot - Silver,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,HAZEL,399,599,Tawa & Sauce Pan,3.5,"Hazel Aluminium Flat Bottom Pot has a great thickness that is fantastic to even heat food. It is made from high quality food grade aluminium. It is made in the traditional way so that it can be used to serve food to your dinner table. This induction base pot adds a perfect finishing touch on an Indian meal. It is easy to clean and wash. this pot is highly durable and made of fine quality material making it long-lasting. It ensures even heat distribution and fast cooking. It is used to make curry, vegetables, etc."
919,"Ultra-Fresh Fairness Face Wash With Milk, Licorice, Saffron",Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Olivia,12.75,15,Face Care,2.3,"Give your skin a fresh and healthy look all day long! Enriched with the goodness of Saffron, Milk and Licorice extracts, Olivia Ultra Fresh Fairness Face Wash will give your skin an even-toned and glistening complexion."
920,Pickle - Prawn,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Tasty Nibbles,225,225,Canned Seafood,3.5,Sea caught fresh Prawns (Chemmeen) are used in the making of Prawn pickles. The Prawn pickle is a mouth-watering nostalgia made by South Indian recipe. Processed using CFTRI know-how in a HACCP implemented factory.
921,Stand & Pee Reusable Portable Urination Funnel For Women,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Peebuddy,225.5,275,Intimate Wash & Care,2,"Female reusable urination device allows women's of all ages to STAND & Urinate with its unique designed funnel - when you don't want to sit on an unfriendly toilet. A must-have device for hospital & medical needs, highways & outdoor, railway & metro as well as public toilets. Made in India, first portable, reusable female urination device for women using which women can stand and urinate in all public and common toilets. It is a revolutionary product for women who hate dirty toilets when travelling fights or train or highways for work or leisure treks, marathons, road trips, events or those with medical condition joint pains or pregnancy. Using Pee device you can simply stand and pee and avoid all utis or infections or yucky experiences at dirty toilets. It comes with simple open place pee throw instructions and is very convenient to use with no spills."
922,Original Scent - Dry Skin Moisturiser With Cherry Almond Essence,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Jergens,449.1,499,Body Care,4.3,"Enjoy the soft and silky feel of your skin when you nourish and rejuvenate it with this moisturiser from Jergens. Absorbed excellently by your skin, this moisturiser gives you a glowing skin. Moisturising your skin thoroughly, Original Scent Skin Moisturises & Softens reduces dryness and hydrates your skin. Apply this moisturiser regularly and religiously to experience a skin that is so soft, silky and fragranced."
923,Cookies-Choco Ripple Cookies,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Unibic,36,40,Cookies,4.2,"Craving for Chocolate? One bite of these cookies can put an end to that. Cookies infused with heavenly Cocoa to make every bite feel divine. Calling all Chocolate lovers, this one's for you."
924,"Executive Lunch Box - Small, T Blue","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Signoraware,390,390,Lunch Boxes,3.5,"Signorawares Executive lunch boxes are perfect for the health conscious workers of today. When you eat healthy and perform your best, your colleagues will be inspired by you. The unique insulated bag keeps food warm for hours and is ideal for office executives and school kids. The set contains 2 spill proof and air tight containers that help keep food fresh and warm. It is easy to fit and store in briefcase or hand bag."
925,Room Freshener - Soul Blossom Jasmine,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Good Home,149,149,Air Freshener,4.3,"Good Home Soul Blossom leaves a subtle hint of jasmine in your home, giving you the chance to lose yourself in a pleasant garden. Packed with refreshing fragrances, Good home room fresheners will fill every corner of your rooms with pleasant aromas. Now unwind at home surrounded by the best fragrances from Good home room fresheners."
926,Sauce - Chilli,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Remia,200,200,Salad Dressings,5,"Remia Chili sauce is a fierce sweet sauce which goes completely with spring rolls and other deep-fried snacks. It is favored to be consumed with veggies and also for fish, meat and poultry."
927,"Copper Water Fliptop Bottle - Hammered, Plain","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Frestol,549,1299,Copper Utensils,2.3,"Frestol sipper bottle Sipper is made of pure copper. Drinking water stored in copper bottles is strongly recommended by Science and Ayurveda because water stored in a copper bottle is loaded with anti-oxidants. Just fill this bottle and leave it for a minimum 3 hours, best if kept overnight as the water gets copper properties and its benefits during this time. Copper kills undesirable bacteria and germs and gets water charged with the health-benefiting qualities of copper. It is recommended to drink the water at room temperature, experts say that drinking from a copper water bottle on a regular basis, especially early in the morning, can make a significant difference to health."
928,Himalayan Raw Apple Cider Vinegar,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Dabur,296,370,Vinegar,4.2,"Dabur presents a 100% natural, unfiltered, undiluted & unpasteurized Apple Cider Vinegar with genuine mother of Vinegar content. It is made by fermenting the real apple juice, extracted from the finest of Himalayan apples, in order to obtain maximum health & wellness benefits. It is naturally rich in antioxidants and contains no added colours or preservatives. This apple cider vinegar has numerous health and wellness benefits like it helps in boosting immunity, promotes healthy liver, improves digestion and metabolism, assists in managing weight, and healthy lipid levels. It is can be used as a preservative. Apart from this it serves as the nourishment for dry scalp and makes your skin and hair, glow and shine. It also has beneficial effects for sore throat, teeth whitening & bad breath."
929,"Toothbrush - 360 Degree Flosstip, Soft",Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,142.5,190,Toothbrush,3.9,"Colgate 360° Floss-Tip Toothbrush comes with a unique floss-tip bristle design, for deep cleaning and gentle action. It provides 4x deeper reach to clean mouth thoroughly. The brush is designed to clean parts of the mouth other flat trim brushes can miss. The special purple-ended tapered bristles provide a deep clean action on both sides of the teeth and along the gumline, while the cheek & tongue cleaner works to clean more than just teeth. Easy-to-hold brush handle ensures to give a comfortable grip during brushing. The toothbrush cleans your whole mouth including teeth, tongue, cheeks & gums, to give you a healthier whole mouth clean."
930,Purifying Neem Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Chandrika ,63,63,Face Care,3.9,"Made from an exceptional blend of Neem & Cinnamon, Chandrika Purifying Neem face wash prevents the occurrence of acne/pimples and removes post pimple marks and serves as an excellent ""Beauty Tonic"" for your skin. Its deep cleansing action flushes out impurities to give you a visibly clear, flawless skin with every wash"
931,Opalware Classique 2 Dinner Set - Mystrio Black,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Laopala Diva,2379,3395,Dinner Sets,3.3,"Divas newest collection, the Classique collection comprises of an exquisite range of tableware that stands out for its striking milky white glaze and consumer-friendly properties like being microwave friendly, chip resistant, bone ash free, dishwasher safe and has greater resistance to impact and thermal shock. Its Classique Collections exquisitely chic international design that makes owing it the ultimate reason for pride."
932,Black Sliced Olives,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Habit,180,200,"Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin",3.8,"Habit Olives have first-rate flavour, texture and colour. Black olives are olives which are ripened completely before curing. They have a different flavour from green olives. It can be utilised in any recipe, as it makes them yummy and healthy."
933,Diatrin Tablets - Controls Sugar Naturally,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Jiva Ayurveda,65,65,Ayurveda,3.5,"The most significant indication of diabetes insipid us is persistent high urine output regardless of fluid intake while the indication of diabetes mellitus is an excessive amount of sugar in the blood. This Jiva Diatrin Tablet is highly active against Diabetes and contains an ayurvedic combination of diuretic herbs like the leaves of the Jamun fruit and the bark of the Udumber. All the leaves and roots including those of the gudmar and fruits like amla and Jamun are collected, finely sorted and then ground into powder, which is then made into small tablets. The tablet alleviates the aggravated tridosha and increases the general strength of the body besides being effective in Diabetes Mellitus and Insipidus and other urinary system related disorders. We have chosen quality ingredients from organic environs for you and sorted them to ensure unmatched efficiency."
934,"Hangable Dress Shaped Hand/Basin Towel - Cream, Bh-038 Crm",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,BB Home,209,260,Bathing Accessories,3.5,"Add more fun, creativity and new experiences in your daily routine. It is made from cloth fibre and is shaped to look like a dress. The soft fabric is used keeping the softness of your skin in consideration. The unique feature of the towel includes inserting your hand inside the towel at once and drying/wiping it in no time. Its soft fabric will make you feel like you are wearing a glove and will get warmth in you."
935,6 Oil Nourish Conditioner,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Loreal Paris,159,199,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.3,"Does your hair get frizzy and unmanageable? Are you left wishing for a remedy to fix your frizzy tassels? Do you want to know the secret to fixing frizzy hair? Try New Dove Intense Repair Conditioner. Control frizz with a nourishing conditioner that’s formulated to nourish and help with frizz prevention. Formulated with Keratin Actives, Dove Intense Repair Conditioner helps to nourish dry and frizzy hair with two-way care. It controls external signs of dryness in the form of frizz while nourishing strands to help them look their best. This conditioner for frizzy, damaged hair Leaves hair visibly smooth and more manageable – giving you smoother hair* that you will be proud of. Use it after your shampoo on damp hair for best results."
936,"Stainless Steel Induction Compatible Pressure Cooker - Silver, HSS10","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Hawkins,5320,5600,Pressure Cookers,3.5,"The body and lid of this Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker With Induction Compatible Base are 100% stainless steel. To ensure uniform heating, the bottom has a core of 4.06 mm thick aluminium sandwiched between two sheets of stainless steel. The base always stays flat, never bulges. Stainless steel stays bright, does not pit or corrode, is easy to clean and extremely hygienic. Can be used safely for light and deep frying and pressure-cooking. Suitable for gas, electric, ceramic, halogen and induction cooktops. Suitable for gas, electric, ceramic, halogen and induction cooktops. Ideal to cook for 3 or 4 persons."
937,"Chips - Potato, Masala",Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Sanjay ,45,45,Chips & Corn Snacks,3.4,Made with Potato
938,Dates Powder - Natural Sweetener,Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Early Foods,300,300,Organic Baby Food,4.6,"100% dried dates made into a fine powder. A natural sweetener and healthy replacement for sugar. It can be used to sweeten porridges, milkshakes, kheer, halwa and even partly mixed in cake and cookie doughs. Rich iron content. It contains no preservatives, additives or artificial flavours."
939,Coconut Scraper - Sleek,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Anjali,199,225,Choppers & Graters,3.5,Anjali coconut scraper has a plastic body with SS scrapping blade & handle. It helps scrape coconuts faster and the sharp blades scrape the coconut white effortlessly. The high quality rubber base pad fixes the product firmly for better grip.
940,Infant Formula Baby Food Powder - Stage 1,Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Enfamil A+,715,715,Infant Formula,4.5,"Enfamil A+ Stage 1 has DHA & ARA at levels close to FAO/WHO recommendations for infants of 0-6 months. Enfamil formulas for infants are individually tailored to help nourish brain development and help support infant milestones. As your baby grows and develops, he/she reaches new and more complex milestones. These milestones are driven by a cognitive, motor, social and communication areas of the brain. Enfamil Infant has DHA, a fatty acid recommended by experts and important for infant brain development."
941,Organic - Whole Wheat Ajwain Jaggery Teething Sticks,Baby Care,Baby Food & Formula,Early Foods,175,175,Organic Baby Food,3.9,"This product is recommended for little ones who are ready for all grains and nuts and it is a vegan snack. Best if they have 1-2 teeth to chew. If not, you can always dip in milk to help them bite. organic whole wheat teething breadsticks with the goodness of ajwain and jeera. It is made from organically certified whole grains and 0% maida. No baking powder, no soda or raising agents, no egg, 0% sugar, sweetness from organic jaggery and dates. Also, no hydrogenated fats, and it is made from pure cow butter. No preservatives or artificial flavours are added." 
942,Pre Shave Foam - Classic Lemon Lime,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Gillette,195.02,199,Shaving Care,4.2,"Gillette Shave Foam Lemon-Lime leaves your skin feeling radiant and fresh, with a delicate burst of lemon-lime aroma. Like its thick, extra rich, creamy lather for a shave that is as fresh as the great outdoors."
943,Onion - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,35,43.75,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"It is organically grown and handpicked from farm Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
944,Cheese Spread - Asli Pepper,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Britannia,101.25,135,Cheese,4,"Britannia Cheese Spread- Asli Pepper is a soft, smooth & creamy spread made with the goodness of cow's milk. Give your food the real taste of pepper & cheesy flavours with this delicious Britannia cheese spread. Spread this on toast, sandwich or use it as a dip for a truly cheesy delight. Believing in delivering fresh and healthy products, Britannia manufactures some of India's widest range of cheese slices, cheese cubes, cheese blocks, cheese spread, pizza cheese and much more."
945,Lollygum,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Dukes,99,125,"Toffee, Candy & Lollypop",3.7,"Pop and spiral into eternity with Lolly Gum. Travel across the taste of hard candy and take a dive into the chewy gum at the centre. Relish the best combination of bubble gum and candy, rolled into one mouthful of experience."
946,Pet Selo Container Set - Silver,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Steelo,279,362,Containers Sets,3.6,"Steelo plastic container set is made of 100% food-grade PET plastic that can help store pulses, spices and other edibles in a safe way. These containers are Bisphenol A (BPA) free which makes it safe from health hazards and will help lead a healthy lifestyle. The PET material makes the containers odor- free, so you donot have to worry about the contents smelling different. The airtight seal completely locks the container and conserves the nutritional value of the stored items."
947,Amritsari Marinade,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Orika,51.75,69,Herbs & Seasoning,1,"Every street in Amritsar exudes vibes of deliciousness and Orika's Amritsari Marinade captures that spirit perfectly. A fine blend of Ajwain, red chilli powder and our signature Garam Masala, our Amritsari Marinade is a quick fix to infuse those piquant, earthy notes typical to Amritsar. Besides, the best part of using this marinade is that it imparts an almost tannic finish to your dishes without making them too hot or dry."
948,Sriracha Hot Chilli Sauce,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Real Thai,180,180,Thai & Asian Sauces,4,"Real Thai Sriracha Chilli Sauce is a hot, spicy dipping sauce which is common throughout Thailand and rest of the world. It works great with soups, sauces, pasta, pizzas, hot dogs, hamburgers, stir-fried noodles or on anything else to give delicious and spicy taste to your meal."
949,Brightening Booster Orange Shower Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,BodyHerbals,299,299,Shower Gel & Body Wash,3,Escape to the shower for an ultimate bathing experience. This naturally soothing orange shower gel is infused with gentle foaming body cleanser and conditioner. The aromatherapy blend of essential oil will pamper your skin and leave it wonderfully scented and rejuvenated.
950,Icecream Mix- Chocolate,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Puramate,43.2,48,"Baking, Cake Decorations",4.2,"There’s always a room for ice cream! With puramate ice cream mix, you are well prepared for a rush on hot days and can always offer ice cream in the winter. Ready to use, our ice cream mixes are designed to be quickly and easily prepared. Enjoy the delicious simplicity of creamy ice cream mix or add your own touch by mixing in nuts, candy, or toppings. Puramate ice cream mix is indulgent, wholesome and fun. Puramate’s ice-cream powder premix makes it easier for you to make pure and hygienic homemade ice creams of your choice. You can make mouth-watering ice creams using fresh cream, fruit, or fruit pulps. Ice creams taste even more delicious when had with puramate’s ice cream premixes. It makes delicious ice cream in the comfort of home. Instant mix to make delicious ice creams in a convenient way."
951,Spices - Whole White Pepper,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Malabar Coast,250,250,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",3,"This high quality White Pepper is created from the Black Pepper grown in the House of Ramapuram’s family plantations in the hill district of Coorg, in Karnataka, India. Ripened Pepper corns are handpicked and soaked in water for days and the outer skin layer removed to create White Pepper.White Pepper is used in light-coloured dishes such as white sauces and mashed potatoes for aesthetic reasons. With its origins in French cuisine, white pepper is also used in some cuisines for its specific flavour. Once opened, store in an air tight container to retain flavour and aroma."
952,Comb - Derby Deluxe No 61,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Ego of Paris,40,40,Tools & Accessories,4,"comb is a toothed device used for styling, cleaning and managing hair and scalp. Combs are among the oldest tools found by archaeologists For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
953,Scissors - Stylish Cut,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Cartini,220,220,"Scissor, Glue & Tape",3.3,These scissors are suitable for men's hairdressing saloons. It has a grip on the handle which ensures that it doesn't slip while in use. These Cartini scissors are perfect to get the stylish hair cut.
954,Sylvana Shot Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,359,438,Glassware,3.4,These simple yet elegant-looking glasses are ideal for your party-time tequila shots. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar with this beautifully crafted crockery.
955,"Padded Lead - 1 inch, Blue Colour","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Glenand,730,730,Pet Collars & Leashes,3.5,These are soft padded lead for your active pets with light weight metal fitings making them completely safe for your pets.
956,Pimple Clear & Germ Removal Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Ponds,186,249,Face Care,4.4,"All of us have dealt with pimples and acne at some point in time in our lives. Environmental factors are only some of the causes of this problem, but hormones and genetics also play a part in triggering acne. Stress, lifestyle choices, hygiene issues, make-up residue and food can make the situation worse. Pond’s Pimple Clear Face Wash, it offers the best solution for pimples and acne thanks to its unique formula that includes active Thymo-T Essence. The formula works well with this face wash for oily and dry skin types. It penetrates deep into your skin’s epidermis to lock pimple-causing germs at the root and helps clear them away. Pond’s Pimple Clear face wash is a gentle face wash with the world's first Lock + Clear Technology that is clinically proven to start showing results in just three days giving you clearer, healthier, smoother skin."
957,Organic Peanut Flax Chutney - Spicy Podi Flavour,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Jus Amazin,120,130,Chutney Powder,3.7,"This delicious and nutritious chutney is made from peanuts and flax seeds, with flavouring from herbs and masalas such as cumin powder, garlic powder, chilli powder and some rock salt. Bursting with nutrition (27% protein, rich in iron, calcium, omega-3, dietary fibre), this spicy chutney is made from 100% Organic Ingredients. This ""spicy podi"" flavoured chutney is a great way to add nutrition to your daily favourites such as dosas, idlis, parathas and chapatis."
958,Manuka Honey Multifloral,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Nelson Honey,1999,1999,Honey & Maple Syrup,3.5,"Nelson Honey’s Manuka Honey 100+MG (Multiforal) is sourced from pure, clean and natural environments in remote parts of the top of the South Island of New Zealand. This area is free of pollution, chemicals and other contaminants. This honey is known for its distinct flavour and special aroma. It is widely used for medicinal purposes as it contains antibacterial properties. Manuka honey is collected by the honeybees from the flower named Manuka. It contains no additional ingredients, preservative or GMO. It is not blended or heat treated."
959,Everfresh Morning Rose Dew Gel Blocks,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Air wick,59,65,Air Freshener,3.7,"Airwicks Everfresh Gel come with upto 2,400 fragrant sprays per refill and one pack fills the room for up to 60 days making them last longer. Their advanced technique eradicates odour causing bacteria eliminating foul smell leaving your room smelling like a bunch of roses or any other wide variety of fragrance that it comes in. Enjoy the lifting fragrance of roses with 33% more fragrance. Drives away odours to enhance the bathroom. Lasts for up to 30 days. Available in - Lavender Meadows, Morning Rose Dew, Lemon Garden and Velvet Rose"
960,Organic Tamarind/Hunisehannu,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,bb Royal,239,339,Organic Masalas & Spices,3.5,"BB Royal tamarind is sweet and tasty. Tamarind is high in vitamin C and several B vitamins along with potassium iron and phosphorus. It has been used to break the fever and cool down the body. Traditionally it is also employed to help with digestion issues relieve a sore throat and alleviate sunstroke. Tamarind contains a variety of biologically active phytochemical compounds which combine with the nutrients of tamarind act in synergy to produce its miraculous benefits. It is an extensively used condiment spice that is necessary for kitchens. One can make a variety of dishes and pickles with these tamarinds."
961,"Muffin - Rich Chocolate, Whole Wheat (Eggless)","Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Cakes & Pastries,BHealthy,289,289,Muffins & Cup Cakes,4.3,All your chocolate desires in a Rich Chocolate Centered Muffin.
962,Cheesy Corn Triangles,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,ITC Master Chef,152,160,Frozen Veg Snacks,3.7,"Triangles of indulgence! Italian seasoned, cheese & corn-filled gooey delights that are sure to leave you asking for more. ITC master chef is a high-quality brand and its quality is of a gold standard. It adheres to absolute benchmark and its products are of the highest standards in taste and quality."
963,Rejuvenating Cucumber & Aloe Vera Face Pack For Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Everyuth Naturals,171,180,Face Care,4.5,Do not let those slumbers go to waste. Have a face pack party! Try Everyuth Naturals Skin Firming Cucumber Face Pack with Nano Multi-vitamin A and Cucumber Extracts.
964,Opalware Ivory Multiutility Bowl Set - Autumn Shadow,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Laopala Diva,225,225,Plates & Bowls,3.5,"As timeless as the tradition itself, ivory has adorned the walls and plates of kings and nawabs alike. Its soft milky glaze, its smooth texture has been adored through the centuries. Diva brings you a collection as refined as ivory. It is perfectly smooth and strikingly white while being microwave friendly, chip resistant, bone ash free, dishwasher safe and have greater resistance to impact and thermal shock. The secret of the classiest dinner parties is now in your hand."
965,Cheese Crunchy Layered Crackers,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Malkist,140,150,"Bakery Biscuits, Cookies",4.5,"Malkist choco weelz crunchy coated biscuit an unexpected treat that combines the playfulness of a cookie and elegance of a cake. Experience the unique combination of chunky.MALKIST is more than just a crispy cracker, its enriched with Malt & Vit. B to give you the energy and delicious toppings for taste you just cant resist."
966,Kitchen & Household Daily Cleaning - Reusable Cloth,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",York,151.2,180,Dust Cloth & Wipes,3,"York is a Leading European manufacturer of household cleaning products. Multipurpose cottonlike cloth is soft to touch and can be used dry or wet. Intended to polish, wash or wipe on different types of surfaces such as plastic, laminate, leather, tiles, wood, particularly delicate areas in kitchen, bathroom or car."
967,Glass Water/Juice Tumbler - Summer,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo ,439,485,Glassware,3.5,"Tumbler is a flat-bottomed container usually made of plastic or glass. This tumbler by Iveo, made of glass, can be used to serve water, juices and other beverages. It will surely increase the elegance of your kitchen and dining space."
968,Pearl Whitening Peel Off Mask,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Glamveda,144,180,Face Care,3,"Glamveda pearl mask mildly calms sensitive skin with rich essence, the saffron & rose petals are here to transform your skin! Your skin will be soft and supple in a couple of minutes with this mask, leaving you looking effortlessly flawless. The rich extracts, with soothing properties, offers softness and hydration to skin."
969,Plastic Watering Can - Green,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Gardening,Klassic,599,599,Gardening Tools,3.8,"Let your planters reflect your personality with Klassic Planters. These Planters are suitable for all the intents: balcony, indoor as well as outdoor gardening. The design supports almost all the variety of flowers and plants. Colourful flowers grown along with the amazing designs of this planter will give an unique look for your garden. The planters can withstand direct sunlight, rainfall and can be kept outside all over the year - making it a perfect choice for outdoor gardening. They are also ideal for indoor gardening, and a lightweight option to decorate your table top, sleeves with beautiful plants. And the best part is that these high-quality beautiful planters are available at pocket-friendly rates!"
970,Lemon Grass,Fruits & Vegetables,Herbs & Seasonings,Fresho,10,12.5,Indian & Exotic Herbs,3.5,"Lemon Grass is a culinary herb that comes with an excellent aroma. It is also used as a medicinal herb in India. It has a subtle citrusy flavour and can be used fresh or even dried and powdered. Do not forget to check out our delicious recipe-https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/2255/lemongrass-tea/"
971,Professional Salon Series Platinum Silver Facial Kit,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Vlcc,1120,1600,Face Care,5,"VLCC Platinum Facial Kit helps to cleanse your skin and restores the natural balance of the skin to keep it healthy. It provides nourishment to the root of skin and brings the natural glow out so that your skin looks softer and more radiant. This kit contains one Comfrey Cleanser Cum Toner, one Platinum Scrub, one Platinum Gel, one Platinum Cream, and one Platinum Pack."
972,Medium Prawns,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,sumeru,225,250,Frozen Non-Veg Snacks,3.9,"Sumeru Five Senses Medium Prawns is the choicest catch from the deep, fresh and hygienically packed. Fresh juicy prawns are wonderful for your curries."
973,"Stainless Steel Spices Bottle/Holder - Silver, BB 543","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,DP,389,809,Racks & Holders,3.5,"Complete your dining set to enhance the beauty of your dining table by placing this set of silver-coloured spice bottles. The bottles are small and perfect in size making it easy for you to organise the spices. The bottles are made using stainless steel, which is lightweight, durable and easy to handle. These bottles come with a stand for convenient and safe rotating. You can fill up these cute little bottles with salt and crushed black pepper. Great for the dining room, kitchen counter, picnic table, or office cafeteria."
974,Organic - Chana Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Phalada Pure & Sure,65,65,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.5,"Pure & Sure is a range of Certified Organic Foods Products from Phalada Agro, It is a natural step to extend our know-how and expertise of Organic food, to provide the consumer a healthy and delectable experience of Pure organic food, The ethos of the brand lies in the name itself which urges you to, Take a step towards a more healthy living,Unlike many others, Pure & Sure is a healthy result of a seamless effortof Phalada Agro which is involved throughout the supply chain, right from the development of Organic Agri-inputs to a nourishing finalproduct which reaches your kitchen, By choosing to go the organic way, heres how Pure & Sure contributes to your health No more chemical concoctions entering your body An authentic taste at all meals, A surge of vitamins, minerals."
975,"Body Bath Loofah/Sponge/Scrubber - Double Loop Hangable - Grey, BH011GRY","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,BB Home,219,219,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,3.5,"BB Home presents this multi-coloured loofah scrubber for hard to reach body parts. It is perfect for cleaning the back, neck, feet etc. Just hold the loofah from the ends and gently scrub your body. It improves your skin's blood circulation and eliminates dead skin cells. The loofah is composed of cloth fibres that exfoliate the skin, resulting in smooth and glowing skin. Care Instruction: - Do not use harsh chemicals to clean."
976,Fibre Rich Muesli For Breakfast + Cranberry Blueberry Muesli Fibre (each 1kg),Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,True Elements,988,1190,Muesli & Rice Cakes,3.5,"No Added Sugar Muesli 1kg True Elements brings to you No Added Sugar Muesli that is loaded with health benefits and nutrients. It is 100% natural, free from any chemicals or preservatives and best-selected ingredients. It is a very crunchy breakfast treat. This muesli is rich in whole grains and seeds. It is a great source of protein, fibre, and nutrients. It is great for your health. Enjoy it with milk, yoghurt or curd and top it off with fruits or seeds of your choice."
977,Immunity Booster Natural Remedial Drink,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Cafe Junyali,395,395,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",3.5,Immunity booster for the complete family. A potent mix of our Lakadong Turmeric and our Heirloom Chai ka Masala. This mix has therapeutic properties to increase immunity and clear chest congestion and sinus. It also helps indigestion.
978,"Copper Bottle - Matt Finish, Duke, BBCB03","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,BB Home,649,1299,Copper Utensils,3.2,"Now free your environment, and yourself from the unhealthy plastic bottles and get a healthier one-time product for all your needs. Copper is one of the metals that has the ability to kill bacteria and protects from health risk. Drinking water from Copper Bottles/Jugs creates a natural purification process. Water stored in a copper jug/ bottle, preferably overnight or at least for four hours, acquires a certain quality from the copper. Drinking water in copper bottles may aid in weight loss and helps boost the immune system."
979,Syrup,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Hersheys,200,200,"Chocolate, Peanut Spread",5,"High Fructose Corn Syrup, Corn Syrup, Water, Cocoa, Sugar, Salt, Emulsifier, Vanillin, Artificial Flavour."
980,Microfiber Multipurpose Cloth,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Gala,140,140,Dust Cloth & Wipes,4.1,"These microfiber cleaning cloths from Gala are an effective and reusable tool for cleaning your wet and dry household surfaces, its made of Polyester and Nylon which leaves no stains or marks on any gadgets."
981,Paste - Ginger & Garlic,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Mother's Recipe,68.25,75,Cooking Pastes,4.2,Mothers Recipe Ginger Garlic Paste is guarantees that the paste comes to you in its tastiest appearance. And whenever you use it any dish you will get the unusual yummy tang of homemade paste. It has one of the most necessary ingredients in Indian cuisines it is additional to almost all non-veg dishes and some veg dishes like pulao biryani matar paneer chana masala etc.
982,Sugar/Sakkare - Refined,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Salt, Sugar & Jaggery",Madhur,234,295,Sugar & Jaggery,4.1,"Madhur sugar is pure, hygienic and meets international standards. It is available in small and medium crystal sizes packed in 1kg and 5kg quantity. Madhur has brought together knowledge of sweetening passion to develop a product that is untouched by hand for the consumers. From the morning cuppa, the favourite cake and the special recipe, we make it better. No matter what the occasion is we are there with a brand you know and trust."
983,Namkeen - Lite Chiwda,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Haldirams,10,10,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.1,"Haldirams brings to you Lite Chiwda which is also known as diet chiwda. It is spicy, really crispy, slightly tangy and very tasty. It is made with rice flakes, gram flour and flavourful spices. A perfect delightful snack that can be enjoyed with tea or as a evening snack. It is a great healthy snack option. Satisfy your taste buds with something crispy and traditional yet healthy. It is a zingy, light and perfect snack. It does not contain artificial colours or preservatives."
984,Men Expert White Activ Intensive Whitening Foam,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Loreal Paris,499,499,Face & Body,3,"LOreal Men Expert White Activ intensive whitening foam has a special pro-exfoliating formula which helps men in removing the dead cells from their skins, thus leaving it luminous and bright. It uses effective ingredients that act as good peeling agents. It not only smoothes out irregularities but also helps in stimulating a healthy dead skin-cell removal routine. This face wash not only helps whiten the skin fair but also removes dirt or makeup. It removes all impurities from the skin."
985,Shai Mix,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Marudhar,131.75,155,Mukhwas,3.5,"Marudhar brings to you premium quality refreshing and flavoursome mouth fresheners. 100% Natural, Immunity Boosting & Rich in Anti Oxidants. Helps in Digestion & improves stomach health. Relish the delicious combination of sweet and mint in every bite that will refresh your mouth. Delicious & Tasty Mukhwas Mouth freshener, prepared using the most high-quality ingredients in hygienic condition to ensure better quality & authentic flavour."
986,Menthol Cool 500 ml + Laundry San- Fresh Linen 480 ml,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Dettol,309.6,363,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.5,"Dettol Disinfectant Multipurpose Liquid cleaner provides protection to you and your family against illness-causing germs and Coronavirus causing COVID19 virus. Proven to be >99.9% effective at inactivating SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID19, when used at 1:12 dilutions with 5 minutes contact time when tested under dirty conditions	 As per standard testing protocol. This disinfectant liquid sanitizes your home and also helps maintain your personal hygiene. It can be used in bath, laundry, floor and surface cleaning, leaving everything clean and fresh. This multipurpose disinfectant cleaner for home is recommended by the Indian Medical Association. Keeping your laundry clean and germ-free every day requires a lot of pain and effort but Dettol Laundry Sanitizer makes hygienically cleaning your clothes an easy task."				
987,Daily Face Care Lotion Oil Balance - Combination To Normal Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lacto Calamine,117,130,Face Care,4.4,A clay-based lotion which provides Oil Balance for up-to 8-hrs through its unique 3-way action to give you a soft and supple skin every day without drying out your skinflint Calamine Oil Balance Lotion provides oil balance through its unique Kaolin Clay Therapy and 3-way action.
988,Nano Sun Block Sun Protective Cream Spf 60,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Shahnaz Husain,455,455,Face Care,5,"This superior sun block product is a perfect combination of the highly advanced nanotechnology and organic ingredients. SPF 60, it is specially designed for sun-sensitive skin, offering total broad spectrum protection from the sun’s harmful UV rays. Containing castor oil, manjeet, cucumber seeds, padmakha, sunflower oil, zinc oxide and titanium dioxide, it delivers a surge of moisture into the skin’s deeper layers, removing tan and gradually lightening skin colour. This waterproof formulation, with a matte, non-greasy finish, is easily absorbed, leaving the skin soft, supple, radiant and youthful."
989,Women Well Being Capsules,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,ORGANIC INDIA,210,210,Supplements & Proteins,4,These Women Well Being (WWB) Capsules are a herbal women health supplement which cares for women at all stages of their life- restores and balances the hormone system from puberty to menopause.
990,Men Expert Hydra Power Duo Foam Cleanser,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Loreal Paris,367.54,499,Face & Body,4.1,"Detoxifying Anti-Roughness, the foam deeply cleanses and purifies the skin, which leaves a comfortable feeling without tightness. French Mountain Water purifies skin and efficiently removes impurities, dirt and pollution. G-Cyclic Resurfacing Complex TM instantly hydrates skin, removes dead skin cells, and smooth skin texture"
991,Bounce Biscuits - Orange Creme,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,27,30,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4.2,"Deliciously creamy and deliciously fun - Sunfeast Bounce. These biscuits are available in four tasty flavours- Chocolate, Orange, Elaichi and Pineapple. The flavoured biscuit shell encasing the soft creamy centre transports you to a world of fun and excitement!"
992,Organic - Parmal Rice,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,424.15,499,Organic Masalas & Spices,3.5,"Rice Parmal is long grain (6.8 - 7.2 mm Length) cylindrical double polished, non-sticky, creamy white, dry and fine-textured rice. As our variety of Rice Parmal has a marked degree of natural aroma, high culinary properties and good nutritional content, it is popular as consumer’s choice of rice."
993,Chicken Classic Salami,"Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",La Carne,140,140,Chicken Sausages,3.5,"At La Carne, we take pride in offering products of high quality. La Carne brings to you the authentic taste of premium Chicken Products. Quick Freezing technology used to preserve all the goodness and freshness inside. Made with lean ground chicken with low fat. Traditional Chicken Salami serves as anytime snack. Perfect snack or Salad combo for any meal of the day."
994,EDT Spray - Sport Style For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Brut,595,595,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"Brut SPORT was launched in 1986 as an elegant fragrance. A high musk fragrance for men stays with you whole day. Base notes are made with a blend of tonka & leather musk. Its an Actual SPORT! For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
995,"Shot Body Spray - Absolute Series, Craze",Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Layerr,168.75,225,Women's Deodorants,1,"You are not ready until You are Absolute ready. Layerr Shot Absolute - a collection of exceptional fragrances crafted for the uber- cool urban man. Each fragrance exudes charm, machismo and effortless style. So dont forget to complete the look with Layerr Shot Absolute."
996,W3 Perfume Spray - For Women,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Engage,250.9,420,Women's Deodorants,4.2,"Engage W3 Perfume Spray is fresh that helps open your day on a refreshing note. It also has fruity-floral scent with clean and crisp elements of apple and lime that keeps you fresh all through the day. It consists of refreshing and long lasting fragrance. It gives you full protection against odour and sweat by keeping you refreshed. The spray is easy to use and apply. It keeps you feeling fresh all day long. It accompanies all the occasions be it a party, a business meeting or a date. Strike an impression with this spray."
997,Nut Cracker,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Bikaji,48,48,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,5,"Bikaji Nut Cracker is made with spicy masala coated peanuts with an excellent taste. A perfect tea-time snack, enjoy munching it non-stop."
998,Alphabytes,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,ITC Master Chef,137.75,145,Frozen Veg Snacks,4.3,"A' for Alpha, B"" for Bite, ""C"" for yourself that they taste a delight! Have fun with the kids- eat, play, learn! Crispy outside & soft inside. Just remove the packet from the freezer and relish the tasty snacks with your family. It contains no added Preservatives."
999,Herbal Aloevera Neem & Basil Facial Massage Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Khadi Natural,215,215,Face Care,3.4,"This massage gel wounds healing and has anti-inflammatory properties that reduce skin inflammation. Aloevera is used to effectively heal skin problems such as psoriasis, acne and eczema. Neem also clears acne, scars, pigmentation and blackheads. Basil deeply cleanses clogged pores and removes dirt and impurities."
1000,Steel Lunch/Tiffin Box Set With Bag - Tiffany,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,NanoNine,599,900,Steel Lunch Boxes,4,"NanoNine Meal Pack Stainless Steel double wall insulated lunch pack is designed to keep hot food fresh and retain aroma & taste longer. Compact Design of the tiffin helps to carry it with convenience. Optimum for 2 person meal. The airtight lid of the lunch box keeps food fresh for hours also making it Leak Proof. Now carry your lunch in this leak-proof tiffin box without any spillages or leakages. Lunch Pack is made with Rust Free and Corrosion Resistant Stainless Steel Double wall body and Insulated with PUF coating between the walls to prevent heat & nutrition loss. Made out of special material, Meal Pack bag has a protective layer which is completely washable. Tiffin Box is specially designed to be lightweight for easy handling. Instantly transfer the Steamy Hot Content into the Tiffin to its full capacity, place the partition plate and close the lid without delay."
1001,"Christmas Decorative Tree - Big, 5 Ft",Cleaning & Household,Party & Festive Needs,DP,1149,1149,Seasonal Accessories,3.5,"Celebrate a merry Christmas with this pretty Christmas tree. It is 58 inches in length and made of artificial branches. It is portable and compact for easy home use. Decorate the tree with hanging ornaments like bells, stars, and Santa elements to enhance its beauty."
1002,Tea Spoon - Super Pack,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Ritu,125,170,"Cutlery, Spoon & Fork",3.6,"Rithu Spoon Set contains 6 spoons that can be used for eating, stirring, measuring, and ladling. It is made using stainless steel, which is durable and can be used at home on a daily basis."
1003,Basmati Rice/Basmati Akki - Dubar,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,Daawat ,88,110,Basmati Rice,4.1,Daawat Dubar is half of the full basmati grain and belongs to the ever popular super/pusa grains. Its delightful taste and captivating aroma will make your every meal a delicacy.Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/233/rice-rice-products/
1004,Pro Keratin & Argan Oil Hair Nourishing Smooth Therapy Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,StBotanica,499,499,Hair Styling,3.5,"St.Botanica Pro-Keratin & Argan Oil: Smooth Therapy Hair Nourishing Spray is created to smoothen your hair instantly in the easiest way. Dry and frizzy hair is usually a sign of hair damage. Exposure to intense sunlight and the harsh dehydrating elements present in nature along with chemicals found in hair styling products remove the natural oil from the hair and damage keratin that gives hair its resilience and smooth texture. St.Botanica’s Hair Nourishing Spray helps replace the damaged protein and restores healthy hydration of the hair. It provides superior nourishment to help your hair regain its health. By eliminating frizz, keeping the flyaway hair in place, increasing smoothness and enhancing radiance, your hair looks gorgeous and healthy. Keratin Protein for Smooth & Strong Hair: Keratin missing in your hair is quickly gets a boost with the help of the Hair Nourishing Spra"
1005,One Man Show Gold Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Jacques Bogart,1638,2340,Eau De Toilette,3.5,"The new limited fragrance attracts attention with its foamy and juicy sweet notes of mandarin and apples, enriched with violet flowers and orange blossom in top notes. A heart encompasses characteristic nuances of aromatic lavender and geranium spiced with cinnamon and cloves providing power and tart note. A base intertwines warm and pleasant woody accords, labdanum, ambergris and musk.Apply it to the pulse points like on your wrist, behind the ear, near the neck, behind the knee and on your elbows for the fragrance to last long."
1006,"Chicken - Breakfast Ham, Sliced","Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Fresho Signature,191.7,213,Chicken Sausages,3.5,"James Smith Chicken ham is produced using chicken that is perfectly blended with a particular ratio of high-quality chicken fat. The ham is seasoned with spices that may include salt, black pepper, chilli pepper and lemon. Manufactured at India. Packed as per Customer requirement. Not a standard pack under weights & Measurement Guidelines. Consume within 05 days from date of Packing. Store in refrigerator at or below 05 degree C in an airtight container."
1007,Shot Body Spray - Red Stallion,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Layerr,146.25,195,Women's Deodorants,3.7,"For those who like to show the world outside what they are inside. Layerr presents Layerr Shot, Indias first clear fragrant body spray for men. An exquisite array of powerful international fragrances in clear bottles that show you whats inside from the outside."
1008,Detoxifying Mineral Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Magic ,296.25,395,Face Care,5,"100% free of parabens, harsh chemicals, alcohol, artificial fragrance and colour. Containing Rotorua mud, organic mineral salt and green zeolite clay, rich source of pure and natural minerals that cleanse and nourish the skin effectively. This natural combination along with glycerine helps in absorbing impurities and repairing tired skin, thus ensuring your skin is deep clean, firm and moisturised. The fragrant and healing blend of sandalwood and tea tree essential oils purify skin and enhance your complexion.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
1009,Plastic Hook/Hanger Card Self Adhesive/Stickable - BH 048,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,49,99,Wall Hooks & Hangers,3.5,"This beautiful wall hook comes with a colourful wall sticker that you can directly paste on any glass surface, marble wall, steel, wood, fridge, bathroom tiles etc. The plastic hook is transparent and thus adds to the elegance of your wall. The colourful sticker is perfect to hang it in rooms of kids. The card hook comes with the stickable feature. Just remove the sticker at the back and paste it on your favourite wall. The hook can hold up to 0.5 kg and is perfect to hang ties, belts, hand towels, and other little accessories. Ideal for bathroom and kitchen. The wall hooks will help you and your kids keep things in a systematic and organised manner."
1010,Shank Karma Brass Puja Thali - Golden,Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,HAZEL,199,490,Pooja Thali & Bells,3.7,Accentuate your pooja room with addition of this stunning Pooja accessories from Hazel. Featuring durable steel construction.
1011,All Natural Honey Peanut Butter - Creamy,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Pintola,405.22,449,"Chocolate, Peanut Spread",3.7,"This Pintola product is 100% natural without any added sugar or salt or any kind of preservatives. It is made from just two ingredients, nutritious peanuts and natural honey, nothing else. You will be amazed to see how superb it tastes. If you are gym-goer, athlete or dieter this product is for you. We believe you should not compromise on taste or health. All Pintola’s products are made up of the finest grade, fresh and nutritious ingredients from an iso 22000 certified and FSSAI approved factory. We believe in delivering the best quality, freshness and overall customer satisfaction. We manufacture India’s favourite nut butter daily so that you get the fresh product every time.Note: There may be oil separation on top of the jar as there is no stabilizer in the product. Please stir it back in every time you use."
1012,Organic - Methi/Menthya/Fenugreek Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,40,52,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.2,"Fenugreek is primarily used as a culinary spice. It brings you the finest selection of methi seeds, which are non for their immense health benefits. These seeds are bitter in taste but lose their bitterness when roasted a little. It is loaded with health benefits, the methi seeds are hygienically packed to ensure they retain their natural goodness and aroma. These seeds can also be used in pureed form for hair growth. It also enhances many liver and heart functions and purifies the blood."
1013,Organic - Cinnamon/Chakke,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,199,239,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.1,"The cinnamons have a sweet and penetrating flavor. Usually, cinnamon is used as a table flavor and mixed with chilies, turmeric, cloves and other spices in the preparation of curry powder these are purely cultivated and come filled with freshness, fitness and a delicious aroma. It is free of synthetic chemicals and pesticides. BB Royal is a premium brand of organic staples by Big Basket. The entire range of products is sourced from the best of farms and products to ensure high-quality standards. All BB Royal products are cleaned and packed in hygienic facilities in high-quality food- grade packaging. There is a no questions asked return policy on all BB Royal products in a bid to provide you nothing but the best!"
1014,Tasty Twist Sizzling Tandoori Multi-Use Seasoning,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Kohinoor,16,20,Herbs & Seasoning,4.3,"Sizzling Tandoori flavour of Tasty Twist features the goodness and authentic taste of Kasoori methi, Ginger, Garlic and Red chilli. Add this Sizzling Tandoori seasoning to yogurt and marinate for any tandoori tikka. You could also toss the masala with some veggies to make tandoori vegetables or finish any gravy with it for a signature twist."
1015,Vital Wheat Gluten,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Purix,142.5,150,"Baking, Cake Decorations",3.5,"Wheat gluten gives yeast bread the highest rise, best shape and texture, and extended freshness. A small addition of this simple ingredient will vastly improve your baked bread and even increase the protein content. It will improve the texture and elasticity of the dough, helps retain the gas and steam from baking, and gives more volume to the baked bread. It can be especially helpful for baking bread made with whole-grain flours and coarse cereals. Wheat Gluten to flour will act as a binder in the finished product."
1016,Mealmaker - Soya Chunks,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,Saffola,69,89,Cereals & Millets,4.2,"Presenting Saffola Mealmaker Soya Chunks made with Super Soft Technology that ensures the soya chunks remain super soft. Saffola Mealaker Soya Chunks is manufactured by extrusion of defatted soya flour from healthy soya seeds. We choose ingredient carefully, analyse & balance the key nutritional factors like protein, dietary fibres etc. to ensure optimum quality. Finally, it is extruded with strict process control to obtain soya chunks which cooks softer, so that you can enjoy tender, juicy and tasty chunks. It is High in Protein (53%),High in Fibre (13%) & Low in Fat (Less than 1%) which aids your Family's nutrition and adds great taste to their everyday food. Try Saffola Mealmaker Soya Chunks -Tasty Super Soft, Soya Chunks."
1017,Fresh Start Water Cleanser,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,ColorBar,712.5,750,Face Care,5,"Take the day off with our Fresh Start Water Cleanser. Our mild formula contains tiny micelles â€“ which are clusters of oil particles â€“ mixed with pure water. It effectively traps impurities, dead skin cells, and every trace of makeup without stripping away the skinâ€™s essential oils. Gentle enough for sensitive skin, strong enough for oily skin â€“ a Fresh Start for everyone. No parabens. No sulphates. No silicones. Only gentle love. Formulated in Italy."
1018,Stemless Byadgi Chilli Powder/Menasina Pudi - Dandi Cut,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,SSK,70,70,Powdered Spices,4.4,SSK Byadgi chilli powder is stemless chilli powder. It is 100% pure and natural. Medium spicy and rich in colour (natural). A very limited number of brands make stemless chilli powder so avoid price comparison.
1019,To Be Man Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Police,1508,2900,Eau De Toilette,3.5,"The essence represents the masculine power and the contrasting elements of life. The virile elegance of black pepper is softened by the fruity notes of grapefruit and the freshness of violet. The heart is expressed by a luminous accord of apple flowers and it ends in a comfortable base note of cedarwood, patchouli, and white amber.Apply it to the pulse points like on your wrist, behind the ear, near the neck, behind the knee and on your elbows for the fragrance to last long."
1020,Spice - Smoked Paprika,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Sprig,189.05,199,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",4.7,"Enjoy the delicate smokey flavour of Hungarian paprika with SPRIG Smoked Paprika. A result of the wonderful art of cold-smoking freshly dried chillies, Smoked Paprika can give a new depth to anything from baked potatoes and roasted tomatoes to meat stews."
1021,Phyto-Rx Whitening & Brightening Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Lotus Professional,335.75,395,Face Care,4.4,"Lotus Professional Phyto-Rx Whitening & Brightening Face Wash deep cleanses the skin. Enriched with Amla Berry, Lychee, and Punarnava Root this face wash stops melanin production that causes skin darkening and gives your skin a radiant glow. It contains the goodness of Amla Berry, Lychee, and Punarnava Root. It stops melanin production that causes skin darkening. It gently cleanses and removes deep rooted dirt from the skin. The potent organic formula is free from preservatives, artificial fragrance, and colour. It is suitable for all skin types."
1022,Active Clean Shower Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Nivea Men,597,597,Bath & Shower,3.5,"WITH ACTIVE CHARCOAL FOR DEEP CLEANSING. 3 in 1 for Face, Body & Hair.Dirt, grime and pollution getting you down? Try the NEW NIVEA MEN ACTIVE CLEAN SHOWER GEL WITH ACTIVE CHARCOAL. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1023,"Chopping-Cutting Board - Bamboo Wood, Steel Handle, BH 044","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,BB Home,139,425,Choppers & Graters,4.4,"Make chopping vegetables and fruits easy and fun with this wooden chopping board. The chopping board is made using the high quality wood making it extremely lightweight yet durable. The size of the board is ideal for chopping veggies and slicing fruits. It is easy to maintain and clean. The board comes with a round hook, so that after use you an hang it on hook."
1024,Chicken-Crispy Fries 280gm+ Crunchy Nuggets 450gm+Chicken Patty-Desi Style 330gm,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,ITC Master Chef,541.51,600,Frozen Non-Veg Snacks,3.5,"Your favourite fries now get a chicken makeover. Crispy outside and tender inside they are a delicious treat. Crispy chicken fries are a fun way of making the classic chicken tenders. Crispy chicken fries are a hit among children and adults alike. ITC master chef is a high-quality brand and its quality is of a gold standard. It adheres to absolute benchmark and its products are of the highest standards in taste and quality.Everyone's favourite - juicy chicken on the inside, crunchy & golden outside. Enjoy with a cheese dip or good old ketchup. ITC master chef is a high-quality brand and its quality is of a gold standard. It adheres to absolute benchmark and its products are of the highest standards in taste and quality.Your favourite burger patty with an Indian twist."
1025,Fizz Classic Cola - Guilt-Free Soft Drink With Zero Sugar & No Preservatives,Beverages,Energy & Soft Drinks,Shunya,60,60,Cold Drinks,3.8,"We got rid of all the bad, but kept all the fizz and flavour. Every can of Shunya Fizz Classic Cola gives you the unbeatable flavour of Cola with unbelievable goodness. It’s guilt-free fizz with 0 calories, 0 sugar and 0 artificial sweeteners. That means no aspartame unlike the other zero-calorie drinks and none of its negative impacts! Being guilt-free also means no preservatives and no artificial flavours. So, every time you’re drinking Shunya Fizz, you know you’re choosing better. We cut out the caffeine and brought in Ashwagandha instead – a super herb that boosts energy and releases stress. To make things better still, every can of Shunya Fizz gives you an immunity boost with a generous dose of antioxidants and a whole lot of Vitamin C (50% of your Recommended Daily Allowance)."
1026,Perfume - To Be Woman EDP,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Police,1650,1650,Eau De Parfum,3.5,"The skull, traditionally clothed in a dark and mysterious aura, has now changed its apparel and here becomes a symbol of glamour that pervades the fashion world. The primary protagonist of a vast range of collections (clothing, accessories, and jewels), the Skull is re-interpreted by young designers and highn end stylists in order for it to enter the world of fashion. Due to the positive results of the first masculine perfume, Police TO BE [or not to be], and due also to the success this symbol achieved with women in the fashion world, the line To BE has now taken up the challenge posed by this new direction. A Skull shape used to announce a new perfume: an iconic style and symbol that today, more than ever, is worn and exalted by glamorous, trendy, and slightly transgressive women. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1027,Frozen Dessert - Dark Divine Chocolate Sensation,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Ice Creams & Desserts,kwality walls,186.15,219,Ice Creams,3.8,"It is round dark and so deliciously handsome! It is always a crowd pleaser because it knows what you like! Take a walk on the darker side.The magic you taste in every scoop of Kwality Walls comes from many years of experience in the fine art of frozen desserts. Kwality Walls' passion for premium desserts combined with the finest ingredients brings you the richest and most exotic flavours from across the world. All so that you can indulge in a gratifying dessert experience, every time.Frozen desserts are healthier than ice cream in terms of fat content since frozen desserts contain vegetable fat, which is naturally cholesterol free, has less saturated fat content when compared with dairy fat. Kwality Wall’s frozen desserts contain fewer calories than most traditional desserts and make for a healthier option."
1028,"Dual Sided Foot File - Crystal Clear Transparent, Colour May Vary",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Panache,159,159,Bathing Accessories,3.5,"Panache dual-sided foot file features two file sides, one coarse and another delicate. The coarse side removes dead skin, smoothens rough feet almost instantly. Keep calluses at bay while keeping feet in tip-top flip flop shape. The delicate file side provides those final perfections to foot care. Feet will not only look great but will feel silky smooth and super soft."
1029,Agarbathi - Natural Incense Sticks (Jasmine),Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,Gou Ganga,20,20,"Agarbatti, Incense Sticks",4.3,"Puja Agarbatti ( Incense Sticks ) Is Uniquely Made From Pure Cow Dung, Herbs And Natural Scent Of Jasmine Flowers. Purified Desi Cow Dung Powder Prepares an Ideal Atmosphere For Your Prayers By Releasing Oxygen, Checking Radiation Effects And Keeping Away Mosquitoes And Other Harmful Pathogenic Bacteria. The Sweet Floral Aroma Of Jasmine Soothes The Mind, While Restoring Optimism And Energy During Prayers And Meditation.Efficacy : Each Stick Burns For Average 30 MinsNote : Cow Dung Imparts No Dominant Odour To Products. Its Latent Beneficial Properties Increases The Efficacy Of Our Products."
1030,Kutki Capsules - Natural Liver Tonic,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Jiva Ayurveda,300,300,Ayurveda,3.5,"Kutki Capsules are designed to bolster good health by working as a natural supplement for daily intake. A hepatoprotective or antihepatotoxic by nature, Kutki capsules can boost the production of bile and enhance liver function. They are also highly beneficial for those fighting obesity, diabetes, or any kind of liver disorders. Regular intake of these capsules helps reduce complications caused by different types of hepatitis."
1031,Pure Radiance Facial Oil Replenish + Rebalance,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,StBotanica,699,699,Face Care,5,"St.Botanica Pure Radiance Oil is a blend of nature’s best skin conditioning and brightening agents. It intensely hydrates and firms the mature skin, and offers an effective solution for skin dullness and ageing. Dehydrated skin tends to age rapidly. Evenly smoothing this fabulous mixture of natural oils on your face and neck restores your skin’s moisture balance. The hydrated skin can easily combat skin ageing. Furthermore, the antioxidant constituents of the essential oils inhibit free radical- induced skin damage. The oil forms a non-sticky protective barrier on the skin that shields your skin from pollutants and chemicals present in cosmetic products, thereby minimising the risk of skin damage and irritation. It creates a smooth canvas, which makes it suitable for use as a makeup primer. By including this facial oil in your daily skincare regimen, your kin attains dewy radiance naturally."
1032,Moong Dal/Hesaru Bele,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,Tata Sampann,161,185,"Toor, Channa & Moong Dal",4.2,"Tata Sampann brings to you pure Moong Dal. These dals are unpolished and organic. They are best quality from select farms. It is a staple in most of the Indian food. They are high protein and dietary fibre. Moong dal has a unique and delicious flavour and has a earthy, nutty taste. It contains nutrients and antioxidants. It is used to make khichdi, pulao, ladoos, curry etc. It does not contain any added preservatives and colours."
1033,"Adult Diapers - Super Breathable, Small",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Seni,526,526,Adult Diapers,3.5,"Seni is the European brand of superior quality absorbent products and skincare solutions that won the trust of millions of incontinent patients as well as caregivers worldwide. Profound knowledge and a wealth of experience ensure maximum comfort of use and specialist protection against skin disorders such as bedsores. The essential feature of Seni products is Air breathability. Free air circulation significantly lowers the risk of chafes, skin irritations and bedsores prone to develop especially in bedridden patients. Breathable products are absolutely necessary to ensure proper air ventilation, avoid certain skin disorders and keep the skin in good condition. Imported from Europe. Breathable all-in-one diapers Super Seni Plus with increased absorbency are recommended especially for the day - time for bedridden patients with moderate, heavy and very heavy incontinence."
1034,Sun Protect Non-Oily Sunscreen SPF 50,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Ponds,162.24,169,Face Care,3.5,"Most people believe that the only damaged caused by the sun is tanning or skin burning. However, dermatologists say that the sun’s harsh UV rays not only cause skin tanning from outside but also damage skin from deep within. The damage caused due to exposure to the harsh rays of the sun leads to five major skin problems which are uneven patches, dark circles, fine lines, dark spots & redness. The Pond’s Institute brings to you its breakthrough solution to fight all the problems caused by the sun – Pond’s Sun Protect Non-Oily Sunscreen. This Dermatologist tested formula with SPF 50 PA+++ helps protect your skin from sun damage issues. Its non-oily formulation is perfect for the hot and humid Indian summers. Pond’s Sun Protect provides broad-spectrum protection from both UVA and UVB rays."
1035,Bay Leaves,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Natureland Organics,30,30,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.2,"Bay leaf refers to the aromatic leaves of several plants used in cooking. These include Bay laurel. Fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance. Natureland’s Organic Bay Leaf has a pleasant aromatic taste having ground-grey to greyish brown in colour used mainly as a flavouring agent in the culinary, household as well as to prepare homemade medicines in case of cold and indigestion. These leaves are free from living insects, mites and moulds and are free from any dead insects, fragments and rodent contamination."
1036,"Utility Set - Veg Knife, Lighter, Peeler","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Anjali,159,197,Knives & Peelers,3.7,"Cut, peel, ignite like a Boss with this budget-friendly and easy to use 3-piece combo set of a robust lighter, chic vegetable knife and a quick peeler."
1037,Deluxe Grooming Set - Ergonomic Care,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Mothercare ,1899,1899,Baby Gift Sets,3.5,The Mothercare Deluxe Baby Grooming Set contains all you need to keep your baby looking smart and groomed and also contains essential extras such as a thermometer and nasal aspirator. It contains conveniently- organised healthcare and grooming tools for baby in a compact case.
1038,Premium Wafer Bites - Hazelnut,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Tasties,49,85,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,3.5,Tasties brings you the Delicious Creamy & Crunchy Wafer Bites. Indulge in the taste of 5 wafers and 4 cream layered mini wafer bites with mouth-melting hazelnut filling.Munch on this and say bye to your small hunger pangs.
1039,"Glass Water Bottle With Round Base - Transparent, B1364","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,199,449,Water & Fridge Bottles,4.1,"A stylish solution for all your homebrews is this elegantly designed bottle. The bottle is designed using high-quality glass, which proves to be solid and offers great finishing. It features a seal cap with a long-neck design for an easier grip. You can store water, juices, brews and more. Keep your drinks fresh and preserve them for a long time."
1040,Chocolate - Milk,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Ask Foods,85,85,"Cooking Chocolate, Cocoa",4,Chocolate compounds for making chocolate & Cakes.
1041,Garlic & Herbs Butter,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Murginns,160,160,Butter & Cream,4.2,"A mouth-watering combination of smooth creamy butter, freshly crushed garlic cloves and fresh herbs. With the tantalising combination of garlic and butter, create the ultimate garlic bread or revolutionise your baked potatoes. Use with chicken, meat, steaks and fish. Delicious when tossed with vegetables, particularly mushrooms and sweetcorn. Pure and best quality milk, which is suitable for vegetarians. Also, it contains milk."
1042,Broccoli,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,39.44,57.5,Exotic Vegetables,3.5,"With a shape resembling that of a cauliflower, Brocollis have clusters of small, tight flower heads. These heads turn bright green on cooking and tastes slightly bitter. Do not forget to check our delicious recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1695/broccoli-masala/"
1043,Organic Rajgira Atta/Amaranth Flour,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,99,109,Organic Flours,3.5,"Rajgira is also known as Amaranth is a powerhouse of nutrients. Rajgira Atta is obtained from Rajgira/Ramadana (amaranth seeds). It is an ideal source of proteins for vegetarians and is mostly consumed during a fast. This flour is gluten-free. The presence of amino acids in Rajgira makes it the perfect fasting flour. Good source of calcium, protein and amino acids and is also rich in iron, magnesium and Vitamin A, B and C too."
1044,Masala - Rajma,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Roopak,140,140,Blended Masalas,2,"Rajma-Chawal, a household preparation that almost everyone savours in North India, can now be prepared in the most authentic style using Roopaks Rajma Masala!"
1045,Veggie Wash,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Dabur,144.5,289,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.8,"Dabur Veggie wash combined with the rich experience of Dabur safely and effectively removes germs, bacteria, fungus and dirt found on the surface of the fruits and vegetable. With 100 % safe ingredients, it is an effective and safe solution with no added preservative, smell or residue that gives a hygienic shield to fruits and vegetables making it healthier for your consumption. It safeguards your family's health and cleans the fruits and vegetables instantly."
1046,Thai Premium Jasmine Rice,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Blue Elephant,427.5,475,Jasmine & Sushi Rice,4.5,"Thai jasmine rice has been crowned the world best rice variety for its flavour and fragrance for several consecutive years by the international rice trace convention! It has the best aroma, taste, texture, and shape which wins over everybody’s hearts. Long grains, which become soft and slightly sticky when cooked, go perfectly with Thai cuisine and curries as they subtly highlight their taste. Jasmine rice goes good with both Veg and Non-veg preparations. To make sure you get the best of it, we at Blue Elephant source exclusively 100% Thai Jasmine rice thanks to a precise sorting process. Although Thai Jasmine Rice is grown in many parts of Thailand, we thrive to source it mainly from Isaan (North East of Thailand), in the Surin province, where the soil makes probably the best quality of Hom Mali."
1047,"Spray - Home & Office Air Freshener, Cool Surf Blue",Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Aer,126.65,149,Air Freshener,4.2,"Cool Surf Blue This fragrance is inspired by the smooth sea breeze flowing over coral reefs in Mauritius. It just can't get breezier than this. Godrej aer spray Here's Godrej aer spray room freshener and here's what we would like you to know about it. You'd agree it doesn't look like any ordinary room freshener and once you get a whiff of the fragrance, you'll agree it doesn't smell ordinary either. A must-have air freshener for your home & office, Godrej aer spray is easy to use and long-lasting. It is available in six designer fragrances - Petal Crush Pink, Fresh Lush Green, Misty Morning Meadows, Violet Valley Bloom, Cool Surf Blue and Musk After Smoke. You can now choose the one that fits your mood."
1048,"Natura Rice & Walnut Drink, Vegan",Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,BORGES,275.01,349,Health Drinks,4.5,
1049,Dri Damage Protect Hair Styling Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Brylcreem,72,80,Hair Care & Styling,4.6,"A man’s hair is the biggest giveaway to his character and craft. That's why the new Brylcreem Dri-Damage Protect Styling Gel, from the makers of the most iconic hair grooming products across the world, is enriched with the perfect blend of rich ingredients such as Glycerol that moisturises and gives your hair 24 hr wet look, moisturisation and flexible hold, reducing damage due to dryness. The new Brylcreem Dri-Damage Protect hair styling gel is ideal to give your hair that perfect wet look so that it looks fresh throughout the day. This high-performance hair styling gel is designed to deliver during the course of a hard day’s work without compromise. It is a product that delivers an unmistakable, unbeatable wet look to the hair, for that timeless classic look while protecting it from damage due to dryness."
1050,Organic - Tamarind/Hunisehannu Whole,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Phalada Pure & Sure,195,195,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.1,"Pure & Sure is a range of Certified Organic Foods Products from Phalada Agro, It is a natural step to extend our know-how and expertise of Organic food, to provide the consumer a healthy and delectable experience of Pure organic food, The 'ethos' of the brand lies in the name itself which urges you to, ""Take a step towards a more healthy living"",Unlike many others, Pure & Sure is a healthy result of a seamless effortof Phalada Agro which is involved throughout the supply chain, right from the development of Organic Agri-inputs to a nourishing finalproduct which reaches your kitchen, By choosing to go the organic way, here's how Pure & Sure contributes to your health No more chemical concoctions entering your body An authentic taste at all meals, A surge of vitamins, minerals."
1051,Air Freshener Spray Bottle - Aromas of Kashmir,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Air wick,146,161,Air Freshener,3.9,"We know that you put your heart and soul into making your home beautiful. You connect deeply with the sights and sounds that surround you everyday, which you have gathered as a child or on your travel across India. The new Airwick Scents of India air fresheners are inspired by the beautiful fragrancesone can find in India that is guaranteed to add to the beauty of your home by elevating and instantly freshening the air."
1052,Bread - Pav,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Breads & Buns,English Oven,30,30,"Buns, Pavs & Pizza Base",3.5,Perfectly baked fresh pav
1053,"Plastic Container - Printed, Crystal, 14803-P","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Ratan,579,855,Containers Sets,4.4,"These plastic containers are elegant and perfect storage purpose. These are BPA free and airtight containers that can be used in the microwave. Give your kitchen a fresh look with the varied range of containers. These are suitable for keeping pickle, dry fruits, cookies, wet and dry food, etc."
1054,Wildberry Fruit Flavoured Candies,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Skittles,95,100,International Chocolates,4.2,"Looking for something fun and crazy to do? Don't worry, Skittles got you covered. This candy lets you find out your own funny bits and create a world where people laugh more and are not scared of trying anything unique. Wild Berry Skittles, with its distinctive rainbow colours and fruity flavours, makes all your moments super fun and your mood, comic! These candies with their colourful nature give you the chance to taste the rainbow. Each candy lentil is made of a crisp sugar shell and is flavoured in Lemon, Apple, Grape, Strawberry and Orange tangs. There is no one way to have fun with these candies, enjoy them while working from home, in-between your movie marathon or give them as a gift. Add these wonderful flavours of Skittles fruit candy to your candy buffet or to your favourite dessert! Also try, Skittles Original to strike it up a notch. Hit the rainbow with Skittles candies."
1055,Puff - Pastry Sheet,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,Unroll,179,179,Frozen Veg Snacks,4.3,"Unroll puff pastry sheet is uncooked layers of dough and margarine which is rolled and freezed. Just thaw it, unroll and cut it to needed sizes. Fill with stuffing and bake."
1056,Breathe Free Capsules,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,ORGANIC INDIA,225,225,Supplements & Proteins,3.5,"This Breathe Free capsules effectively relieves asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD) and other respiratory complications with no adverse side effects. Also, naturally helpful in relieving breathlessness (dyspnoea) and coughing."
1057,"Gas Stove-3 Burner Royale Plus Schott Glass, Black (40177)","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Prestige,6999,10695,Gas Stove,3.5,"Prestige Royale Plus Gas Stove. Add a Touch of European Excellence to your Kitchen! The Stunning new Prestige Royale Plus range of gas tables is designed to combine maximum convenience with great looks. These gas tables are a combination of performance and stunning looks. The experience of SCHOTT Glass coupled with superior German manufacturing standards ensures that you get the finest quality glass. The SABAF valves imported from Italy, are best on quality and are designed to provide smooth functioning. The Glass top adds to the aesthetics of your Kitchen. Also, they are durable and long-lasting which will give you a trouble-free and safe operation. Warranty on the complete product is of 2 years and warranty on SCHOTT glass is for Lifetime."
1058,Cycloherb - Ayurvedic Capsules for PCOD/PCOS,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dr. Vaidya's,400,400,Ayurveda,3.5,"Dr Vaidya, Cycloherb is a combination of 32 herbs that balances the hormone levels in women and thus helps regulate the menstrual cycle. The product is used to reduce the pain of menstrual cramps, control hormonal imbalances and reduce the level of hyperacidity caused by menstruation. The product is also known to be a uterine tonic and helpful in vaginal as well as urinary tract problems."
1059,Nanda Deep Brass Diya Oil Lamp Puja S7 - Golden,Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,HAZEL,89,299,Lamp & Lamp Oil,3.8,Accentuate your pooja room with addition of this stunning Pooja accessories from Hazel. Featuring durable steel construction.
1060,Salted Almonds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tong Garden,297.5,350,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Almonds are nature's way of showing us that good things come in small packages. These bite-size nutritional nuts are packed with protein, vitamins and dietary fibre. They offer a healthy and tasty alternative to fuel our active lifestyle. Taste the great flavour salted almonds today! Each savours bite is a tribute to the smooth, distinct flavour of the almond. Almonds contain lots of healthy fats, fibre, protein, magnesium and vitamin E. The health benefits of almonds include lower blood sugar levels, reduced blood pressure and lower cholesterol levels. They can also reduce hunger and promote weight loss."
1061,Red Rice Poha - Thick,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,Tata Sampann,59.5,70,"Poha, Sabudana & Murmura",4,"Tata Sampann Red Rice Poha (Thick) which is made from the nutritionally rich red rice & Rich in natural trace minerals like potassium, calcium and magnesium. Tata Sampann Red rice is made from Red Rice & Dietary fibre is an essential part of a healthy and balanced diet. Tata Sampann Red Rice poha contains high fibre and is also a source of iron, Iron helps fighting anaemia and in haemoglobin formation."
1062,Exfoliating Body Wash - Coconut Joy,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Palmolive,211.65,249,Shower Gel & Body Wash,4.3,"A creamy body wash with Coconut extract - its rich formula helps exfoliate your skin, leaving it moisturised and deliciously scented. Its soft scrubbing action with crushed coconut extract effectively minimises skin dryness and helps retain your natural skin moisture. It is perfect to give you beautifully radiant skin."
1063,Cocoa,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Weikfield,153,165,Home Baking,4.2,"Rich, fragrant and delicious, Weikfield Cocoa has been a market favourite. This low fat cocoa powder is the perfect ingredient for all sorts of chocolate flavoured confectioneries, sauces and desserts."
1064,Noni Fruit Powder - Supports Healthy Cellular Tissue Growth,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bixa Botanical,195,195,Ayurveda,3.5,"Noni also known as Indian Mulberry is the Hawaiian name for the Morinda citrifolia botanical plant, an evergreen shrub that probably originated in Southeast Asia and has spread throughout Oceania. As Noni Berry is pungent and bitter, it was only eaten during times of famine. However, Polynesians used the noni berry widely as a dye and to treat wounds, inflammations, infections and other ailments. Noni is sometimes known as a superfood because of its constituents like phytochemicals, antioxidants, polysaccharides, flavonoids, fatty acids, and catechins. Morinda contains different amino acids, as well as a significant amount of other nutrients. These nutritive compounds protect cells from oxidative damage caused by free radicals, which helps reduce the risk for premature aging and chronic conditions like heart disease."
1065,Organics Herbo Protein Powder,Beverages,"Health Drink, Supplement",18 Herbs,300,300,Men & Women,3,"The amazing herb-mucuna pruriens is well known for strengthening vitality & all around beneficial properties. Perhaps it is best known as a potent herbal aphrodisiac. Mucuna pruriens contains high concentrations of l-dopa, a neurotransmitter that prompts positive mental state of action & assertiveness mucuna pruriens powder assists in brain function, libido & supports muscle growth."
1066,Four Blades Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Uncle Tony,599.25,799,Shaving Care,3.5,"A man does not need pick-up lines, he just needs Uncle Tony blades. Featuring amorphous diamond coating that provides comfort and safety, each cartridge is a 5 blade system and comes with a precision trimmer on the back. Sharp as your wit, these blades are perfectly engineered to give you the finest shave."
1067,Matic Stain Champion Front & Top Load,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Henko,200,200,"Detergent Powder, Liquid",4,"Henko discovered a revolutionary solution to all your clothes problems, including, colour loss, fading and stain removal. The powder texture is soft and smooth with a fine perfume scent that gives you a whole new washing experience while giving your shirt a new look and protecting it from ageing. This detergent can be used for both Front and Top Load."
1068,Children's Shampoo,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Sebamed,192,192,Baby Oil & Shampoo,4.5,"Sebamed children's shampoo has pH of 5.5 and has sugar based mild cleanser. Other children shampoos have pH>7 and chemicals like formaldehyde, phthalates, SLS which leads to allergic reactions. At pH 5.5 alone the scalp barrier remains intact. It has been clinically proven that only at pH 5.5, the scalp is hydrated and strengthens scalp for optimal hair growth. Lipid and moisture loss is minimum and the growth of Malassezia which leads to dandruff is restricted. Sebamed children's shampoo is free from irritants and hence has 0% incidences of irritant reactions. Sebamed children's shampoo contains a botanical ingredient, hence the reported incidence of allergic reaction is 0.000003%. Only at pH5.5, the baby's delicate eyes are not irritated and the tear-free formula is free from formaldehyde. Sebamed children's shampoo is ideal for cradle cap, seborrheic dermatitis and dandruff."
1069,Chicken Overload Pizza - Large,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,HappyChef,345,549,Frozen Non-Veg Snacks,3.5,"These are ready to bake, authentic Italian Style Pizzas. Each Pizza is a large pizza of 8.5-9.5 inches. Now make delicious artisanal pizzas at home, in just 15 minutes with Happy Chef Pizza. Our Chicken Overload Pizza loaded with premium-quality ingredients and yummy mat toppings like chicken sausage, chicken tikka, peri-peri chicken and cheese is sure to delight your taste buds. Simply bake it in the oven or microwave or just cook it on the tawa, and enjoy delicious pizzas in minutes. Pizza is Italian cuisine with lovers all around the world. Enjoy the delicious taste of pizzas from Happy Chef, a well-known pizza brand. Nothing beats a slice of a pizza to be your companion when you are all alone or enjoying yourself with your loved ones. You can have it for any occasion with friends and family."
1070,"Plastic Bucket With Handle - Blue, Super Saver, 10170B",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Ratan,150,150,Buckets & Mugs,4,"These buckets come in a varied range and are strong yet lightweight. These buckets can be used for indoor needs like bathroom bucket, home cleaning bucket, water storage as well as outdoor purposes like gardening, cleaning etc. It comes with a range of capacities and colour options."
1071,Instant Popcorn Value Pack - Cheese,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,ACT II,100,100,Chips & Corn Snacks,4.1,"Enhance your movie-watching experience, in the comfort of your own home with World’s No. 1 ACT II popcorn. ACT II popcorn is easy to make. In only 3 minutes, enjoy Hot n Fresh n delicious popcorn along with the delightful popcorn aroma. You can choose among different pack sizes such as individual packs, family packs and party packs, as per your need. Relish your favourite ACT II popcorn, now available in various lip-smacking desi flavours such as butter, Sweet Pani Puri, Tandoori Tadka, Southern Spice, Butter pepper as well as international flavours such as Cheese Delite, Peri Peri, Thai Sweet Chilli and Tomato Chili."
1072,100% Spanish Olive Oil,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Sol,4020,5025,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",3.5,"Spain’s geography and climate with extensive mountain slopes, mild or cold winters, and long, hot summers are ideal for olive cultivation. More than 350 million olives are grown all over Spain. Spain is also the world’s leading source of the golden juice of the olive fruit, the essence of Mediterranean cuisine. Advanced growing systems, dripirrigation, integrated production and environmentally friendly growing practices lead to almost perfect fruits which are harvested at their optimum ripeness. With Sol, we offer you exceptional products of 100% Spanish origin, ranging from traditional ingredients for authentic recipes to modern ingredients for Avant grade cuisines. We have travelled across the Spanish countryside to select the finest olive oil. Sol Olive oil has a rich aroma and delightful flavour that will enhance your Mediterranean recipes."
1073,Platina - Nutricrunch Digestive Marie,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Parle,15,15,"Marie, Health, Digestive",4,"Simply Good living is all about appreciating the little joys in life. It's about eating for the mind, body and soul. Which is why healthy eating should be a priority, but not a task. We believe in mindful eating where you simply enjoy what you eat, rather than worrying about what's healthy and what's not.A digestive rich in fibre, minerals and vitamins, Nutricrunch is your choice for a healthy day.Also, try our Digestive Marie and Lite Cracker variants."
1074,White Perfect - Clinical New Skin Essence Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Loreal Paris,995,995,Face Care,3.5,"L'Oreal Paris White Perfect Clinical New Skin Essence Lotion that is enriched with a dermatological active to enhance radiance, skin tone and skin texture for a healthier & younger look. Inspired by advanced clinical procedures.A powerful concentrated white perfect essence water to activate skin regeneration and enhance skin fairness. Go beyond spotless skin with 3 additional benefits increased radiance, flawless skin tone & refined skin texture. Glycolic Acid, Hepes & Vitamin CG to smoothen skin texture, stimulate skin renewal & remove spots.Dermatologically tested. Suited for oily, dry & all skin types."
1075,Sona Masoori Boiled Rice,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,bb Royal,1174,1500,Boiled & Steam Rice,3.5,"Sona Masoori rice is known to has small percentages protein while being low in fat and cholesterol. Furthermore, it is a good source of carbohydrates. Incorporate the goodness of Sona Masoori rice in you're diet which will satisfy you're rice cravings along with enriching you're diet. It is lightweight and sweet- smelling and measured to be of the finest quality. It has a thistinctive taste that is not matched by rice from any other region. It is the tastiest of all the Sona Masoori rice available in the state."
1076,Sugar Free Digestive Cookies - Vanilla Butter,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Sugarless Bliss,100,100,Crackers & Digestive,4.4,"Sugarless Bliss digestive cookies - vanill butter are fortified with vitamins and minerals. It contain zero cholesterol, no trans fat and prebiotic. Suitable for diabetics and dieters."
1077,Lavender Try Me Personal Care Gift Set,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Soulflower,850,1000,Bathing Bars & Soaps,5,"Gift yourself or your loved ones Soulflower Lavender Try Me Bath set. Soulflower bath & body products provide you with your very own spa at home. The products range in our gift set are formulated by combining precious essential oils with the blend of natural and organic ingredients. The idea behind the whole creation is to provide you and your dear ones the natural and vegan skin care products which are healthy, regenerating and maintain body and skin balance.Lavender is one of the most well-known, versatile, and extensively used essential oils in the world. When we use lavender essential oil, we receive the blessings of the feminine, because lavender could be described as an angel of healing from the floral realm and an expression of the earth's compassion. Lavender oil is one of the safest of all essential oils."
1078,Valse Juice/water Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,539,666,Glassware,2.8,These glasses are tempered or toughened glassware for maximum safety of food service professionals as well as for the superior resistance and durability. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar or your kitchen with this perfectly crafted crockery.
1079,Avocado Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,ST. D'VENCE,899,899,Aromatherapy,5,"St. D'vence 100 % pure and natural avocado oil is a rich source of amino acid, essential fatty acid, and Vitamin A, D and E providing adequate moisture to the epidermal layers and nourishing the skin while deeply penetrating the scalp providing effective results. It also acts as a shield from harmful ultraviolet rays acting as a useful anti-tanning and sun-burn therapy. This cold pressed natural oil is ideal for daily use and can be used as a massage oil, aromatherapy oil or carrier oil. It blends seamlessly with essential oils or any mix ins. Create your own DIY scrub, mask or aromatherapy solution with this versatile oil. Rich in ethically sourced ingredients which comes with a host of skin, hair and health benefits. It works excellently as a skin nourishment and can be used as a face and body moisturiser as well."
1080,Bleach Pen Gel,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Clorox,400,400,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.3,"Clorox Bleach Pen Gel is the ultimate portable stain remover, with a fine point for precision cleanup jobs, and a scrub brush for larger ones. It works on household surfaces and laundry alike, so you can just write off stains for good, wherever they are."
1081,Assorted Cookies,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Tasties,148.11,235,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",3.5,"Baked to perfection, Tasties cookies are crunchy and tasty. Made with rich, creamy butter, Tasties Butter Cookies are loved by people of all ages. These cookies can be enjoyed as a snack or with a hot cup of tea or coffee."
1082,Pure Melamine Round Dinner Plate - Golden Paisley,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Servewell,210,210,Plates & Bowls,3.5,"Servewell presents you with the 100% food grade melamine crockeries that are dishwasher safe and break resistant. These are durable, non-toxic and hygienic. This plate set is the perfect crockery item for serving snacks and other edibles which are guaranteed to impress your guests. It is made of melamine and is strong, dishwasher safe, and easy to maintain. It is food grade certified and will provide a healthy and hygienic dining experience."
1083,GF Chocochip Cookie,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Bon & Bread,57,57,"Bakery Biscuits, Cookies",3.2,"Bon and Bread is your access to premium French bread and bakes. The 'Bon and Bread' Gluten Free Chocochip Cookies are filled with dark chocolate chips. Indulgence without the guilt! Baked to perfection, other gluten-free products include Sorghum sliced Bread, pizza base, tea cakes, etc. Made in a facility that processes nuts and gluten. Gluten-free products are made in isolation from other products to avoid any gluten contamination. -High on taste, baked to perfection."
1084,Anti Germ Liquid Detergent,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Safewash,290.23,470,"Detergent Powder, Liquid",4.3,New Safewash Anti-Germ gives your clothes complete protection keeping them germ-free and looking like new. Wipro Safewash's unique 99% germ protection formula hygienically cleans your clothes. It is ideal for all fabrics. it is perfect for all your colours.
1085,Masala - Fish Curry,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Annapoorna,22,22,Blended Masalas,4.4,Annaporna Spices are the preserve for Connoisseurs of authentic and pure ground Flovours & Aromas.
1086,"Select - Chai Masala, Ginger","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Valley Spice,49.5,55,Powdered Spices,4.1,"Valley Spice Chai Masala is a spice blend designed to enhance the taste of Chai while providing health benefits of the spices. It can be used for other beverages such as Masala Milk, coffee, juices or concoctions. So enjoy your tea time double with this chai masala which adds an authentic taste to your tea."
1087,Sona Masoori Rice/Akki Raw Rice/Akki - Super Premium,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,bb Royal,499,750,Raw Rice,3.5,"Sona Masoori rice is known to have small percentages of protein while being low in fat and cholesterol. Furthermore, it is a good source of carbohydrates. Incorporate the goodness of Sona Masoori rice in your diet which will satisfy your rice cravings along with enriching your diet. It is lightweight and sweet-smelling and measured to be of the finest quality. It has a distinctive taste that is not matched by rice from any other region. It is the tastiest of all the Sona Masoori rice available in the state."
1088,Good Day Cashew Cookies,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Britannia,53.64,60,Cookies,4.2,Britannia Good Day Cookies - Rich Cashew is 100% vegetarian and are very delicious. It has a good flavour of cashew nuts. These extra crispy cookies are prepared from real butter and are a pleasure for anyone at all times of the day.
1089,Basic Blue Man Deodorant,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Nike,265.05,279,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"The Nike fragrance range embodies the fresh spirit of adventure and youth. Like the brand logo Just do it! Nike deo fragrances embody the spirited and gentle at the same time bringing strength and comfort to oneself and to people around. Classified as a refreshing, cooling and adventure rush, they are recommended for everyday wear."
1090,Orange Dia Jam,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Prasukh,144,160,"Jams, Marmalade, Spreads",1,"The American Diabetes Association has listed citrus fruits among Diabetes superfoods. According to the association, Oranges are full of fibre, vitamin C, folate and potassium, which would help benefit a healthy diabetic eating plan. Although they're sweet, oranges are actually low on the glycaemic index (GI), according to the American Diabetes Association (ADA). And the lower a food's GI, the less it affects blood sugar and insulin levels. These goodness of Oranges/ orange Juice are packed in this jam, with the additional nutritional elements of the chia seeds."
1091,"Reusable Fabric Diaper - Medium, Pink",Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Paw Paw,269,269,Diapers,3.5,"India's no.1 reusable diaper, Paw Paw Fabric Diaper is highly absorbant, less susceptible to skin rashes & skin allergies, unlike disposable diapers. The reusable diaper is an eco-friendly diapering option that helps to reduce disposable waste in our landfills. It has a reusable printed outer shell and super-absorbent reusable insert pad. It is very gentle for your little one's skin."
1092,"3-In-1 Aluminium Pressure Cooker - Smart, Induction Base, Hard Anodised, Black","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,United,2719,3199,Pressure Cookers,3.8,"This is a multi-utility pressure cooker from United with the new range of 3-in-1 where you can now saute, steam, fry, boil and pressure cook. This pressure cooker has the capacity to cook, strain, and serve. The hard anodised surface doesn't stain. The non-toxic nature of the cooker assures you hygienic cooking experience."
1093,Exo Round Dish wash bar - Round ( with free scrubber),Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Exo,39,43,Dishwash Bars & Powders,4.3,"Exo Dish Shine Bar is yet another offering that draws on the wealth of experience from the R & D division of Jyothi laboratories. This product not only cleans your utensils, but also protects them from bacteria and harmful germs. It is fortified with powerful anti-bacterial agents and kills disease-causing bacteria that enter your food through the contamination of vessels. The powerful formula removes sticky oil stains, grime, and stubborn burnt food residues from utensils and makes them safe and sparkling. You no longer have to spend hours in your kitchen washing utensils! The fast action formula with the hyper-cleaning technology quickly removes the toughest of stains and makes your vessels shine like never before. Exo Dish Shine Bar works hard on stains and grease, keeping your utensils shining and fresh."
1094,Laxinol H,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Kerala Ayurveda,430,430,Ayurveda,3.5,"Laxinol-H Capsule is a proprietary natural laxative designed to provide relief from occasional and habitual constipation. Formulated using well known herbal laxatives, Laxinol-H Capsule is conductive to promote digestive regularity. The combination of herbs in Laxinol-H also helps combat digestive problems such as bloating, flatulence & heartburn. It is non-habit forming, devoid of gastric irritation and helps in a smooth evacuation, normally."
1095,Californian Almonds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Disano,249.01,395,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"DiSano brings a range of healthy & delicious products from across the globe straight to your kitchen. With DiSano, you can be sure of our commitment to the highest quality standards every time. Our wide range of nuts and dried fruits that are filled with the goodness of nature & numerous health benefits. Our gourmet foods are naturally sourced, handled with care and skilfully packed to reach fresh & intact to you. Explore our healthy and wholesome nutritional dried fruits and nuts."
1096,Chai/Opalware Coffee Mug Set - Silken Charms,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,LaOpala,359,395,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.1,"It is ideal for serving guests and home use. Laopala is a brand that is an essential part of our lives. At home or in the office, its the symbol of elegance, creativity and reliability with its wide product range, functionality, innovative perspective, distinctive designs and 80 years of experience. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar or your kitchen with this perfectly crafted crockery."
1097,Juice Drink With Nata De Coco - Mango,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Dolphin ,50,50,Gourmet Juices & Drinks,3.5,Captain Dolphins Mango Juice with Nata De Coco is the perfect mix of sweetness and goodness. Every sip is a unique experience that transport you far into the tropical forest where you find only the finest and sweetest mangoes. To top it off are the bits of nata de coco which only enhances your unique experience. Pick one up today and we guarantee our mango is sure to make you tango!
1098,Keto Noodles,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Ketofy,399,399,Pastas & Spaghetti,1.8,"Ready to cook instant Noodles with authentic Asian flavours to cater to everyone's tastes. Ketofy - Noodles are the lowest carb noodles, to satisfy your guilty pleasures without kicking you out of Keto. Ketofy - Noodles are a blessing for all people on a Ketogenic Diet, Low Carb Diet, LCHF Diet, High Protein Diet or a Gluten-Free Diet and have a knack for eating Chinese favours. Whether you're a bodybuilder, an endurance athlete, a yoga mom, or just trying to cut carbs from your diet, these delicious treats are the perfect snack for anyone who wants to satisfy their cravings without the guilt. Ketofy is the leader in all Ultra Low Carb Keto Food preparations. We create a wide variety of Keto Cookies Supplies, Ketogenic Snacks, Keto Diet Munchies including -Keto Flour -Keto Chocolate Cookies -Keto Coconut Cookies -Keto Cinnamon Cookies -Keto Chocolate Chip Cookies -Blended Almond Cookies (Keto Friendly)"
1099,Chai / Coffee/ Tea-Milk Mug - Sea With Ship Print,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Rslee,299,299,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.5,"This lovely multicoloured mug is an appealing coffee holder for daily use from the house of Rslee Ceramics. The mug is made using the ceramic material that makes the mug lightweight, so if you hold for long it doesnt strain your hands. The funky owl print on the mug creates an alluring appearance. The mug has an ideal capacity size. So relish the coffee- hot chocolate in the cold weather."
1100,Hand Sanitizer,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Varam,125,125,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4.7,Varam Hand Sanitiser is 70% Ethanol based premim hand sanitiser. Product meets WHO standards and is having refreshing colgone fragrance. Kills 99.9% germs without using water or soap. Rub across all fingers and tips carefully.
1101,Dried Shiitake Mushrooms,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Urban Platter,405,450,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",3.5,"Shiitake Mushroom The Chinese have used the shiitake mushroom for medicinal purposes for over 6,000 years	 consequently, it has become the Asian symbol for longevity. This particular type of edible fungus is the second most commonly cultivated mushroom in the world. With its rich sources of selenium, iron, dietary fibre, protein and vitamin C, research has shown significant benefits in adding shiitake mushrooms to your diet.Â Preparing Shiitake Mushrooms â€“ The shiitake is a versatile food that can be incorporated into a variety of dishes. You can buy these mushrooms raw, cooked or dried. Because theyâ€™re becoming more popular due to their nutritional value, you can find shiitake mushrooms at most grocery stores."			
1102,Fresh Aqua,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Fogg ,220,275,Men's Deodorants,4.6,"Soothing experience throughout the day, Consists of refreshing & Long lasting fragrance. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1103,Smile Joy Bathroom & Car Freshener - Twin Pack,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Odonil ,50,50,Air Freshener,4,"New Odonil Smile JOY fragrance will recreate the Spanish sunset and is sure to bring a smile on your face. With Odonil smile give your day a perfect smile filled start. Odonil Smile has special international fragrance perfumes that promise to transform the spaces around you. It can be used in bathrooms, car, bedrooms, wardrobes, kitchen, shoe racks etc. Now your house will always smell good and refreshing with this pouch."
1104,Chaste Noir Eau De Toilette For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Dorall Collection,419.3,599,Eau De Toilette,3.5,"Chaste Noir by Dorall Collection is a woody musky fragrance which starts with the fresh notes of watermelon, has heart notes of basil, verbena and lavender. It ends with the warm base notes of chocolate, tonka beans and patchouli."
1105,Olive Leaf Infusion - Olive & Mint Leaves,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,BORGES,134.99,149,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"A unique infusion made from leaves of the olive tree. Olive leaf infusion contains Twice the Antioxidants compared to Green tea and yet has Zero Caffeine. It also has 4 times the Vitamin C as compared to ordinary green tea. The presence of Oleuropein in the olive leaves are known to help reduce hypertension and blood pressure hence relieving stress. Also, there are no added flavours. The flavours come from real leaves of mint, lemongrass or basil as the case may be. Hence, the taste/aroma is subtle & not overpowering. Mint leaves add a touch of freshness to the drink to charge you for the day."
1106,Organic - Cardamom Whole/Elakki,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Phalada Pure & Sure,380,380,Organic Masalas & Spices,5,"Pure and Sure is a range of Certified Organic Food Product from Phalada Agro, All of Phalada products are sourced directly from farmers and processed under hygenic condition in a GMP Certified Processing Facility, With more than 10 years of experience in Organic Agriculture, Phalada works with more than 1000 certified farmers across India, We believe in complete Tracebility and Transparency, To get a firsthand experience on how we work across the Supply Chain and to learn more about Organic Farming."
1107,"Adult Cat Food Pocket Ocean Fish 7kg + Wet Meal Tuna In Jelly, Adult Cat 1.02kg","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Whiskas,1986.6,2220,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"High Quality Ingredients Wholegrain Cereals (Corn, Rice, Wheat) - Corn Gluten Meal - Poultry & Poultry By-products - Soy Bean Products (Full-fat Soy Bean, Soy Bean Meal) - Palm Stearin - Ocean Fish - Wheat Flour - Minerals - Iodised Salt - Vitamins - Taurine - Soy Oil - Methionine - Food Colouring -Preservatives - Flavour How to Use Easy-to-open pouch. Whiskas understands what your cat naturally needs and loves. Thats why the Whiskas Wet Meal (Adult - Cat Food) Tuna in Jelly pouches are tasty and contain the same nutrition you have come to expect. Each pouch contains 100 per cent complete and balanced cat food with succulent meaty pieces to help you provide care for your cat"
1108,Pasta - Spaghetti,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",Weikfield,119,140,Pasta & Macaroni,4.3,Hi Protein Durum Wheat Imported Pasta
1109,Potato Smasher - Wooden Handle,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,Kvg,119,159,Kitchen Tools & Other Accessories,4.2,"Potato Masher is a great tool to quickly mash boiled potatoes for various Indian delicacies such as pav bhaji, masala dosa, stuffed paratha or for potato mash as an accompaniment with grilled meat. Its unique design at the base allows you to mash potatoes evenly without undesirable lumps or inconsistencies in the final mash. Apart from potatoes, you can also use this tool to mash other boiled vegetables such as carrots, peas and cauliflower to experiment with different dishes and recipes. Additionally, you can use this masher while cooking curries to get smooth consistency and flavour. The wooden handle prevent your hands from scalding while mashing hot vegetables. Its simple design makes it fairly easy to clean and maintain while the high quality stainless steel is highly durable and will last for a long time even with regular use."
1110,Tru Mango,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Amul,10,10,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",4,"Amul Tru contains 30% fruit. The beverage perfectly embodies the goodness of milk along with fruit nutrition. It is available in the most loved fruit varieties - the mighty mango, awesome orange, amazing apple and lovely litchi. It has attractive packaging, delicious taste and the power of fruit. No wonder, it's tru to the core. Tasty drink which Tastes best when satiates thirst while providing nutrition at pocket-friendly prices chilled."
1111,Dark Fantasy Cream Biscuit - Choco Creme,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,56.25,75,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4,"Lose yourself in the luxurious taste of Dark crunchy shell and smooth Choco Creme. Dark Fantasy Choco Creme is a double chocolate delight made with rich, dark choco crème between intricate, thin biscuits, with a classic chocolate flavour. To chocolate lovers, each bite is a taste of heaven."
1112,"Garnier Hair Color (70 ml + 60 g) Shade 4, Brown+Loreal Paris Shampoo 75 ml",Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,bb Combo,222,249,Hair Color,3.5,"Garnier Color Naturals (70ml+60g) Shade 4, Brown: Garnier Color Naturals Crème hair colour gives 100% Grey Coverage and beautiful rich colour. It is an ammonia-free hair colour and has a superior Colour-Lock technology that gives you a rich long-lasting colour that lasts up to 8 weeks. Colour Naturals comes in a range of 8 gorgeous shades especially suited for Indian skin tones. It is available in an easy to use kit which can be used at your convenience in the comfort of your house! It is enriched with the goodness of 3 oils- Almond, Olive and Avocado which nourishes hair and provides shiny, long-lasting colour. Your hair will love the nourishment and you will love the colour! Note: Always do a skin allergy test 24 hours before use."
1113,Shampoo - Aloe Tearless,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Vitro Naturals ,130,130,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"A Perfect Combination Of Aloe & Honey For Babies And Adult'S, Tearless Formula Develops Rich Lather To Gently Cleanser Hair And Scalp Leaves Hair Soft. Shiny And Easy To Manage. Easy Rinsing, Pleasing Foam, Feels Thick And Creamy For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1114,"Snack Time - Sandwich Masala, Chatpata Flavour","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Keya,99,99,Blended Masalas,4,Keya Sandwich Masala comes with the perfect blend of spices required to make healthy and delicious Sandwiches at home easily. Use it with Plain Cheese Sandwich or Vegetable Sandwich and make them irresistible.
1115,Potato Crisps - Sour Cream and Onion,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Pringles,520,520,Nachos & Chips,3.5,"EAN Code: 1204807 Manufactured by: JMB Enterprises , 154 /165 Grd Flr , Mahatma Jyobha , Mumbai -400 001 Marketed by: Country of origin: US Best before 05-12-2021 For Queries/Feedback/Complaints, Contact our Customer Care Executive at: Phone: 1860 123 1000 | Address: Supermarket Grocery Supplies Pvt Ltd. No7, Service Road, Domlur 100 Feet Road, Indiranagar, Bangalore 560071. | Email: customerservice@bigbasket.com"
1116,Anti Dandruff Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Organic Harvest,642.2,845,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.6,"BSE-free and gentle on the hair, Organic Harvest's Anti Dandruff Shampoo helps reduce dandruff over time."
1117,"Bathing/Cleaning Bucket - With Plastic Handle, Pink, L1145PH-LT PK",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Princeware,249,408,Buckets & Mugs,4.2,It is made of polypropylene and it is really durable with high endurance. It features strong and sturdy construction and is ideal for daily use due to its compact weight. The polypropylene material adds to a great mix of quality and style.
1118,Butter - Almond Cacao Crunchy,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,Organic Origins,590,590,Butter & Cream,3,"Expect The Gorgeous Deliciousness Of A Nut Butter With The Added Benefits Of Almonds & Cacao Powder. Use On Bread, In Popsicles (Summer Is Coming), To Jazz Up Pancakes & French Toast Or Just Grab A Spoon With Cacao Taste & Scoop It Up While Watching Your Favourite Series."
1119,Vaporisateur Natural Spray - Hot Red Box,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,United Colors Of Benetton ,3000,3000,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"A brand name which stands out for itself. Long lasting and unique. It will make your day full of refreshing and soothing fragrance. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÃ‚Â https://bigbasket.blog/"
1120,"Chota Bheem Frankie Style Long Plastic Lunch Box - With Container, Fork & Spoon, Assorted Colour","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Yellow Spark,179,210,Lunch Boxes,3.5,"This Lunch Box is made with food-grade quality plastic which is microwave safe, airtight, leak-proof, and BPA free. It is dishwasher and freezer safe. It has no sharp edge for your child's safety. Its moveable partition enables ease of separating food of different sizes. It comes with a virgin silicon rubber seal, sturdy fork and spoon with rounded edges."
1121,"2 Fold Umbrella - Auto-Open & Manual Close, Medium Violet","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Fendo,289,749,Umbrella,3.7,"This Fendo Umbrella brings - Classic Women Umbrella, one of the most preferred umbrellas online. It is made of Superior Polyester Fabric with UV Protection. It will withstand harsh weather conditions. Umbrella Care: Please allow the umbrella to dry before closing"
1122,Chintashoonya Ras,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Meghdoot,295,295,Ayurveda,3.5,"The Meghdoot's Chintashoonya Ras is a rejuvenating tonic that acts as an adaptogenic and reduces stress, providing immunomodulatory benefits that enhance the body's immunity. It is useful in regulating metabolism and improves digestion. This may also help in treating Irritable Bowel Syndrome. It is made using ayurvedic formulation that it is safe to use."
1123,Fruit Cookies - Family Pack,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Mcvities,233.75,275,Cookies,2,Natural Goodness of blackcurrants with all new Mcvities Fruit cookies. They are perfect breakfast cookies as they are a well-balanced mix of taste and nutrition. Brings the best of both the worlds - health & taste. It has all the best ingredients for the best experience.
1124,Roll on Glass Deodorant - Original For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Brut,275,275,Men's Deodorants,3,"Brut was introduced in Paris in the 1960s. It is still one of the most well-known, fragrance-led male personal care brands preferred by men around the world. Since its launch, Brut signature fragrances have empowered men across the world to wear its fragrances with confidence and charm. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1125,Green Mint Mouthfreshener,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Pass Pass,70,70,Mukhwas,2.5,"Pass Pass is a product that brings together the goodness of traditional Indian mouth fresheners like cardamoms, fennel, coriander seeds and dry dates etc. In a packaged and branded format. Pass Pass has a dash of unique fragrances which makes it differentiated in its own way."
1126,Fabric Roll-On Mosquito Repellent,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Good knight,75,75,Mosquito Repellent,4.5,"Goodknight Fabric Roll-On protects from all kinds of mosquitoes for up to 8 hours including those spreading dengue, malaria and chikungunya. Just apply 4 dots of the non-staining formula on clothes for complete outdoor protection."
1127,"Safewash Top Load Matic Liquid Detergent, 1 kg + Maxkleen Floor Cleaner 975 ml",Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,bb Combo,318.8,378,"Detergent Powder, Liquid",3.5,"Safewash Top Load Matic Liquid Detergent, 1 Kg, get amazing stain removal of Safewash liquid detergent at the price of powder detergent Maxkleen Floor Cleaner Floral Bliss 975ml The unique formulation kills 99.9% of germs and leaves a shiny clean feel. Maxkleen Disinfectant Surface Cleaner makes your house safer and cleaner for your loved ones. Use this for a spick and span cleaning. Removes tough stains without any residue leaves a pleasant floral fragrance safe to use on all surfaces ceramic, mosaic, granite, marble, etc."
1128,Crackers - Cream,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Samudra,149,149,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",4.2,"Samudra Crackers are crispy and crunchy biscuits with cream, that pair perfectly with tea or coffee. They are made using vegetarian ingredients only and are an ideal tea time snack, which can also be relished on-the-go or as a midday snack."
1129,Veda Marie Light Biscuits,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Sunfeast,10,10,"Marie, Health, Digestive",4.2,"Crispy Marie biscuits with the goodness of wheat fibre and 5 natural ingredients - Tusli, Ginger, Cardamom, Ashwagandha and Mulethi, making it the perfect partner for your cup of tea!"
1130,Almonds Rose Petal,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Nutty Yogi,189,189,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Nutty Yogi brings to you Rose Petal Almonds that are healthy and nutritious. These almonds are flavoured with rose water and edible rose petals. They are rich in fiber, heart-healthy fats, and plant protein. It is good source of copper, magnesium, and manganese. This is a real treat for your tongue that will tickle your taste buds. Enjoy as it is as a mid day snack or while travelling."
1131,Lemon Chaat - Pickle in your pocket,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Go Desi,50,50,Mukhwas,3.4,"Lemon Chaat is tiny bits of dried lemon peel mixed with Indian spices to give it the perfect chatpata taste. Go Desi sources the lemon chaat from a first- generation rural entrepreneur based in Tattikai village in Malnad, Karnataka. It is handmade in a rural kitchen and is made from a traditional recipe. Eat it like a chooran or carry it along on your travels. You can even munch on it in between meals."
1132,Brightening Night Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Kaya Clinic,617,950,Face Care,3.4,"Brightening night cream is specially formulated to work at night to give you a notably lighter complexion. Potent whitening active azeloyl glycine works to give you lighter and brighter skin. Extracts of imperator cylindrical helps restore radicals resulting in visibly soft, fresh and luminous skin. Formula researched and developed by dermatologists."
1133,"Antibacterial Germ Kill Spray (No Gas) – Safe On Skin, Safe On Surfaces",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Lifebuoy,199,199,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4.1,"While we always remember to sanitize our hands, we often forget about germs on surfaces that arefrequently touched. Mobile phones, tablets, doorknobs or toys that kids play with may also carry harmful bacteria & viruses. The World’s Number 1 Germ Protection Brand, Lifebuoy, brings to you its first-ever Germ Kill Spray. It instantly kills 99.9% of bacteria and viruses. Can be used as often as required and works without any water, a must-have at home or on the go. What’s even better – it is safe on the skin! This antibacterial, no gas formula comes in a spill-proof pack, making it easy to carry and protect yourself at all times. Best to use it on frequently touched surfaces to kill the unseen bacteria and viruses. Just hold it upright, close to the pre-cleaned surface, spray all over and wait until dry."
1134,"Frost Stainless Steel Bottle With Sipper Cap - Black, PXP 1004 CQ","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,BB Home,229,445,Water & Fridge Bottles,3.5,"Now free your environment, and yourself from the unhealthy plastic bottles and get a healthier one-time product for all your needs. These high-grade stainless steel bottles are here to enhance your dining and travelling experience, saving you from the negative effects of plastic. The single-walled steel bottles are perfect add-ons to your kitchen collection if you are looking for light-weighed, durable, classy looking product. The bottle comes with sipper & wide mouth steel cap, catering to double usage. Be it going to the gym, or sending it with the kids to school, the colourful sipper can always make it a very convenient, handy and more importantly a style-statement product. You can take it to the office or just keep on the dinner table. Open the wide mouth lid and use at ease. The bottles come with the major USP of inter-changeable lid facility"
1135,Papaya Pack For Blemishes & Pigmentation,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Natures Essence,225,225,Face Care,4,"Papaya is a great cleanser which assures you freedom from many skin problems and its citrus extract based pack helps in removing dead epithelial cells and replenishes skin with a glowing and clear complexion. It is ideal for pigmentation, dark patches, and dark complexion as well."
1136,Snacks Serving Glass Set - Orange,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Glass Ideas ,799,999,Glassware,3.5,"Gupta Glass Ideas present their beautifully designed and high-quality serving bowl set which are ideal for serving snacks, rice, gravy, salads and puddings. Its dishwasher safe as well as freezer and refrigeration safe and are available in elegant and modern designs which are made by professionals. They also make for a great gifting option to anyone."
1137,Idly & Dosa Batter - Ready to use,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Asal,70,70,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.1,Asal Idly & Dosa Batter - Ready to Use reduces the time of preparing this spongy rice-lentil cake by three fourth. Idli and Dosa are traditional south Indian food. The batter required to prepare Idli and Dosa normally requires at least 15 hours. These are some of the earliest starter foods for infants and toddlers. Most importantly the quality of ingredients used to play an important role in getting the just right batter. Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/232/flours-sooji/
1138,Almond Milk - Chocolate,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Sofit ,148.96,190,"Flavoured, Soya Milk",3.8,"Enjoy the goodness of milk with the amazing taste of chocolate with Sofit Chocolate Almond Milk. It is enriched with calcium that helps to keep bones healthy. One Serving 200ml of Sofit Almond milk - Contains vegetarian protein equivalent to glass 200ml of Cow's Milk. Contains Dietary fibre equivalent to 100g of green gram (whole). It is naturally lactose-free, gluten-free, cholesterol-free and vegan."
1139,Insta Glow Gold Bleach,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Vlcc,84,120,Face Care,3.8,"Gold, a symbol of purity and tranquility has been an important ingredient since ancient time in all premium skin care treatments. This Specifix Exotic Gold Bleach is fortified with the goodness and glow of pure gold. It helps the skin look fairer and younger.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
1140,Masala - Curry,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Aachi,46.8,52,Blended Masalas,4.2,Aachi Curry Masala is delicious and spicy which makes you enjoyed with Indian domestic meals. The masala will makes your favorite family recipes extra special with the added flavor and aroma of Aachi curry masala. It is made from high-quality of ingredients.
1141,Citrus Blast Lemon Orange Shower Gel,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,INATUR ,280,400,Shower Gel & Body Wash,4.5,"Inaturs shower gels come in transparent gel form, are 100% soap-free and contain natural skin conditioners, essential oils, and extracts. Energizing Shower Gel truly leaves you energized while you experience an invigorating bathing experience. It contains:Mandarin Oil - that energizes the body, relieves stress, maintains moisture balance in the skin and has antiseptic propertiesGrapefruit Oil - stimulates circulation, increases energy levels, enhances mood and promotes detoxMagnesium Aspartate/ Zinc Gluconate, and Copper Glass gluconate act as energy boosters."
1142,Barley Grass Powder - Detoxifying & Alkalizing,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Urban Platter,270,300,Flours & Pre-Mixes,4.2,"Urban Platter Barley Grass Powder, 100g [Detoxifying & Alkalizing] and chlorophyll.)"
1143,"Syoss - Renew 7 Complete Repair, 02 Conditioner",Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Schwarzkopf,425,425,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"The new SYOSS Renew 7 Complete Repair, developed with and tested by hairdressers, restores the hair fibers in 3 dimensions and intensively strengthens and improves the structure of each hair from roots to tips. For salon-beautiful hair like directly after the hairdresser €“ every day."
1144,Darjeeling Oolong Tea - Tapas,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Teamonk,297.5,425,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,The tea leaves that are plucked from select special areas of the estates in Darjeeling consist of two leaves and a bud as well as one leaf and a bud. They are transported immediately for processing where the leaves are gently rolled and allowed partial oxidation to give you an oolong that has the optimal balance of black and green. And certainly one the finest oolongs that you will ever consume.
1145,Powder - Channa Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Udupi Ruchi,70,70,Powdered Spices,3.5,"Udupi Ruchi Channa Masala Powder Is 100% Natural, No Preservatives, No Artificial Colors, No Artificial Flavors, No Artificial Enhancers, 100% Vegetarian, No Msg (Mono Sodium Glutamate)  Product History - Channa Is One Of The Favorite Food Ingredient And Is Cooked Along With Channa Masala Powder To Make Channa Masala And Used Along With Non, Chapathi, Poori And Other Items As A Side Dish. Health Benefits - Channa Masala Powder Provides 100 Calories On Dry Basis. Check For Nutritional Facts Printed On The Pack."
1146,W5 Perfume Spray For Women,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Engage,299,299,Women's Deodorants,3.5,"Engage's newest perfume spray, W5, is a fun, fruity, and most importantly, long-lasting fragrance that is the perfect companion for your day."
1147,Wafer - Vanille,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Loacker,199,199,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",4.7,"Three light, crispy wafers and two layers of the smoothest cream filling with real vanilla will guarantee truly exquisite moments of pleasure. The vanilla pods from Madagascar are used exclusively to process Loacker products. They are of premium quality, without additives and known for their purity. Just as exquisite, royal and exotic as the orchid, from whose fermented capsules the vanilla bean is extracted, is the taste of the fine Loacker vanilla cream filling. Together, with the light, crispy wafers, it is a highly exquisite composition."
1148,Streak6 Cartridges,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Spruce Shave Club,649,649,Shaving Care,5,"The Streak6 Pivot Shaving Razor is our most premium shaving razor designed to deliver the smoothest and most burn free shave. Our new Streak6 shaving blades have our patented ICE (Ionic Carbon Edge) Diamond Coating that helps increase blade life and smoothness of the shave and are carefully designed and crafted in Germany by experts with over 140 years of experience to ensure that they are sharp, safe & long lasting. The razor handle is a weighted metal handle with a rubberized grip to give you maximum control over your shave. Moreover, our Pivot handle is equipped with our new Multi-Axis Pivot Technology that helps the razor adjust to all the contours of your skin and get virtually every hair."
1149,Deluxe Crackers - Cheese,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Kerk,150,150,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",5,"Kerk Biscuits-has been a household name synonymous with quality biscuit manufacturing. Today, it is one of Malaysia's leading biscuit manufacturers with many accumulated outstanding achievements."
1150,Copper Bottle With Tumbler - Hammered,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,Mr.Copper King,1199,1995,Copper Utensils,4.3,"Mr. Copper King water bottle and Tumbler is made of pure copper. Drinking water stored in copper bottles is strongly recommended by Science and Ayurveda because water stored in a copper bottle is loaded with anti-oxidants. Just fill this bottle and leave it for minimum 3 hours, best if kept overnight as the water gets copper properties and its benefits during this time. Copper kills undesirable bacteria and germs and gets water charged with the health benefiting qualities of copper. It is recommended to drink the water at room temperature, experts say that drinking from a copper water bottle on a regular basis, especially early in the morning, can make a significant difference to health."
1151,Lime Fresh 500 ml + Laundry San- Spring Blossom 480 ml,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Dettol,303.3,363,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.5,"Dettol Disinfectant Multipurpose Liquid cleaner provides protection to you and your family against illness-causing germs and Coronavirus causing COVID19 virus. Proven to be >99.9% effective at inactivating SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID19, when used at 1:12 dilutions with 5 minutes contact time when tested under dirty conditions	 As per standard testing protocol. This disinfectant liquid sanitizes your home and also helps maintain your personal hygiene. It can be used in bath, laundry, floor and surface cleaning, leaving everything clean and fresh. This multipurpose disinfectant cleaner for home is recommended by the Indian Medical Association Keeping your laundry clean and germ-free every day requires a lot of pain and effort but Dettol Laundry Sanitizer makes hygienically cleaning your clothes an easy task by killing 99.99% germs."
1152,N150 Pink Paradise Eau De Toilette,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Nike,758.1,798,Eau De Toilette,3.5,"Baldessarini Ambre Cologne is built around a whisky accord and complemented by top notes of mandarin and red apple, leading to a heart of violet, offset by a leather accord. With a base that blends notes of amber, oakwood, vanilla and labdanum. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1153,Tango Whisky Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Pasabahce,489,666,Glassware,2.5,These simple yet elegant-looking glasses are ideal for serving scotch and whiskey. They are made of tempered or toughened glassware for maximum safety of food service professionals as well as for the superior resistance and durability. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar with this beautifully crafted crockery.
1154,"Roast Almond Chocolate Bar, 36 g",Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Cadbury Dairy Milk,305.76,360,Chocolates,4.2,Cadbury Dairy Milk comes with the goodness of roasted almonds. The classic taste of Cadbury chocolates enriched with real goodness. Enjoy the treat in town. It offers you the reason to celebrate every small and big occasion of happiness.
1155,Lime & Basil Body Wash With Mandarine,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,ST. D'VENCE,399,399,Shower Gel & Body Wash,3,"Lemon and Basil, rich in nutrients and skin-friendly vitamins come together in an indulgent and luxurious body wash, infused with the goodness of 100% pure Lime and Basil that have anti-inflammatory properties which rejuvenate the skin. Blended with essential Mandarin Oils which are rich in antioxidants, this shower gel from ST D‚¬„¢VENCE nourishes the skin at the deepest levels and gives a pleasant boost to the skin‚¬„¢s natural glow. Pamper your skin and awaken your senses every day with this soothing and refreshing shower gel."
1156,Protect Plus - Neem Based Plant Protection,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Gardening,IFFCO Urban Gardens,330,330,Fertilizers & Pesticides,4.2,"IFFCO Urban Gardens Protect+ is an organic plant protectant, providing resistance from all sorts of soil-based pathogens like nematodes and fungus. It is a tailor-made blend of Neem, Compost and Bio-Active agents for natural plant protection. It also acts as a natural soil conditioner and contains organic nutrients for the plants."
1157,Malgudi Filter Coffee - 60:40,Beverages,Coffee,Continental,80,90,Ground Coffee,4,"Malgudi filter coffee plantation is sourced & processed under conditions to meet the strictest quality standards. Made from traditionally roasted coffee beans, it gives you a strong coffee experience. It is specially packed in freshness seal packs to lock the aroma of the coffee."
1158,Fruit Jam - Mixed Berry,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Chabaa,145,145,"Jams, Marmalade, Spreads",4.3,Our Jams are prepared by using only fresh fruits of high quality to ensure good taste and flavour that are naturally delicious.
1159,Ginger Garlic,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Snapin,79,79,Herbs & Seasoning,4.4,"The combination of ginger and garlic is an age-old Indian kitchen must- have. Plus, who doesn’t love the familiar aroma of this powerful seasoning combination hitting a heated pan. Use the SNAP!N Ginger Garlic Powder for sautéing veggies or as the base of a curry and build your delicious dish from ground up."
1160,Screw Driver Set,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,B Vishal,372,599,"Scissor, Glue & Tape",4.3,Daily use tools required for maintenance at home and office.
1161,Organic -Suji,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Turn Organic ,52,52,Organic Flours,4.2,Organic Rava is made by grinding organic rice into a coarse powder. It is commonly known as cream of rice. This flour can be used in many different recipes and is a great alternative for those trying to avoid wheat or have gluten allergies.
1162,Popular Plastic Strip Bucket - Blue,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,BB Home,129,199,Buckets & Mugs,4.1,"This bucket from BB Home is sturdy, lightweight and long-lasting. It is made with high-quality virgin plastic and is easy to wash and maintain. It can store both hot and cold water. This bucket can be used for outdoor and indoor needs like bathroom bucket, store water, cleaning bucket, gardening etc. The attractive colour of this bucket will enhance the appearance of your bathroom. Why spend more money on pricey buckets, when you get the same finest quality buckets at cheaper rates here."
1163,Orange Body Wash Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Meghdoot,70,70,Bathing Bars & Soaps,3.5,"The Meghdoot's Orange Body Wash is an Ayurvedic bathing bar which helps in removing dirt, impurities and excess oil from the skin. It is useful in case of pimples and acne. This soap is free from harmful chemicals and is suitable for regular use. It is formulated with natural ingredients which is suitable for all skin types. This soap gently wash away body impurities making it smooth."
1164,Yellow Pumpkin - Avial Cut,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Fresho,25,31.25,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,"Pumpkin is a gourd-like squash that belongs to the Cucurbita family. Pumpkins are so joyful looking with their intense colors. Its yellow-orangey skin and flesh is filled with the carotenoids. The shape varies from oblong to oblate and its skin is regularly thick in orange or yellowish color. The inside flesh differ from pale to dim green, ashen to gray and orange-yellow to red. At the central part of pumpkin, are the seeds which are edible. Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
1165,Little Millet Rice - Pesticide Free,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,Safe Harvest,76.23,77,Cereals & Millets,4.1,"Safe harvest Little Millet Rice is procured from small and marginal farmer producer collectives from South Tamil Nadu. It has been carefully grown to ensure that you get safe food without synthetic pesticides and without using genetically modified seeds. All products of Safe harvest are tested in FSSAI accredited laboratories for the presence of 149 pesticide residues and a Minimum Residual Level report is obtained. Also, our millet rice is parboiled and unpolished that helps in retaining the essential nutrients. They are easily digestible, highly nutritious, and gluten- free and has a lesser percentage of glucose when compared to rice and thus lowers the risk of diabetes. Little millet has 7. 7% protein and 67% carbohydrate when compared to paddy rice that has only 6. 8% protein but 78. 2% carbohydrates."
1166,Safe Handz Hand Wash - Lemon & Glycerine With Coconut Milk,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Fem,55.76,68,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4.1,"Handz is your contact with this world, ordinary hand wash is harsh on the skin and makes it dry and coarse. FEM Safe Handz with Natural Skin Conditioners removes 99.99% germs while restoring the lost moisture to your skin, giving you glowing and beautiful handz. FEM Safe handz, the complete care for your handz- Safety with Softness, comes in 185ml /250ml/900ml and 5 Litres."
1167,Guard 3 Cartridge,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Gillette,171.5,175,Shaving Care,5,Introducing the all-new Gillette Guard 3. Now with three blades for a closer shave and thrice the ease in a single stroke. The Gillette Guard 3 comes with unique water- activated lubrastrip to give you a comfortable glide while protecting your skin. The ergonomic soft-grip handle ensures that you have the perfect hold on your razor while getting the most of your shave. An optimal flexing head that moves with your face for maximum reach and comfort. Get the Gillette Guard 3 and revolutionize your shaving experience. Ab kaam done dona done done!
1168,Sunami Kharata,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Magix,195,195,Brooms & Dust Pans,3,Magix Sunami kharata is made from high grade plastic material and is designed with plastic sticks. The kharata can be used to push water from the floor or as a broom on a hard and rough surface. This product is made from high grade material which ensures long lasting life. This product has a loop to hang it in any corner of bathroom
1169,Hair Oil - Pigmentation,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Richfeel,377,377,Hair Oil & Serum,3.7,"Pigmentation is a skin problem that affects both the genders. It makes your skin appear with marks that robs your real beauty. To cure the skin pigmentation sandalwood is the safest and most effective ingredient to look for."
1170,Neem Wood Wide Tooth Comb,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,By Nature,215,215,Tools & Accessories,3.9,"Why use Plastic combs on your hair, when you have an environment friendly + a healthier alternative? By Nature Neem Wood Comb controls hair loss and encourage re-growth. Made from wood of Indian Neem, this herbal comb has medicinal properties which reduces hair loss and dandruff. Regular combing with Neem comb also helps in removing lice. Unlike Plastic Comb, Neem Wood Comb does not snap hair because of static."
1171,Narayana Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR,487.5,650,Aromatherapy,3.5,"Narayana oil is an all-body oil which is anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and anti-rheumatic. It is good for paralyzing diseases or traumas such as face paralysis, paraplegia, lock-jaw, neck or joint stiffness, and arthritis. It also helps improve flexibility. Mahanarayana Oil is made from numerous Ayurvedic herbs and is traditionally used for joint pains, arthritis, backache, headache, and rheumatic pain. It is also used in anti-aging treatment. Its a great Ayurvedic concoction of 51 herbs."
1172,Standard USB 2.0 Cable AM To AF Extension For Computer,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,KCL,208,297,Electronic Accessories,3.5,"KCL Standard USB 2.0 Cable is type AM-AF which is usually suitable for Computer and Camera. It is made out PVC jacket and conductor is tinned copper. Length is 1.5 mtr. Outside jacket is made of superior quality raw materials, soft and anti-abrasive. Connectors are of fine workmanship and has long life."
1173,Organic Black Pepper/Kari Menasui,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,129,199,Organic Masalas & Spices,4.1,"Black pepper is a dried mature fruit of the topical perennial climbing plant and is known as the king of spices. It is popular in households because of the medicinal value it possesses and the flavour. Black pepper is antibacterial in nature and therefore helps to cure a cold and cough. A teaspoon of honey with freshly crushed pepper does the trick. It also helps to alleviate chest congestion, often caused due to pollution, flu, or a viral infection. You can add it to hot water and eucalyptus oil and take steam. And given that black pepper is rich in Vitamin C, it also works as a good antibiotic."
1174,Business Card Holder - 120 Cards,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,SRS,42,110,"Notebooks, Files, Folders",4,SRS Card Holder is used to store business or visiting cards in an organised manner. This card holder is ideal to have accessible at your office desk.
1175,Aloo Tikki,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,McCain,180,180,Frozen Veg Snacks,4.1,McCain Aloo - Tikki 760 g
1176,"Cool Sticks Water Bottle Ice Cube Tray - With Lid, Assorted Colour",Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,99,110,Other Plastic Ware,3.5,"This Cool Sticks Water Bottle Ice Cube Tray With Lid is made from BPA free food-grade material. Make easy ice sticks to fit in most water bottles containers."
1177,Powder - Coriander,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Annapoorna,143,143,Powdered Spices,4,Annaporna Spices are the preserve for Connoisseurs of authentic and pure ground Flovours & Aromas.
1178,"Deltoid Lite Face Masks In Grey Knit Fabric With Binding - 1S1022, Medium",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,3BO,245,245,Face Masks & Safety Gears,1,"The 3bO Deltoid turbo face masks Pack of 1. The 3bO Deltoid turbo mask grey knit fabric perfect to make a fashion statement. These masks are comfortable to wear, are highly breathable and lightweight. The 3bo masks give you a snug fit, ensures zero speech distortion, no leakage, and zero fogging. The masks offer an Anti-viral Triboelectric Charge, Electrostatic filtration, with 7- layer protection. Ideally designed for a controlled environment, developed and manufactured in India."
1179,Collagen Under Eye Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR ,805,1150,Face Care,5,Inatur Collagen Under Eye Cream is lightweight moisturizer that delivers hydration for all skin types including those with sensitive skin. It contains a highly purified fraction of HRGPs glycol peptides obtained from soya that smoothens the surface of the skin and reduces crow's feet wrinkles.
1180,Biscuits - Ranch,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Dukes,39,50,Cookies,3.6,Dukes Ranch Biscuits that comes in a hygienically processed Jar ensuring to maintain the freshness and yummy taste of it. Bring home the Jar of Dukes Ranch crackers that present you fun filling bites on the delicious crackers.
1181,Wheat Sihor,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,bb Royal,250,325,"Poha, Sabudana & Murmura",3.5,"Sihor whole wheat flour is mainly used for making chapatti, roti and paratha flour. Chapatti appears more whitish in colour. Naturally, low in gluten and has a low glycemic index Highest mineral, antioxidant and fiber content of any wheat flour. Naturally rich in fiber, vitamins like Vitamin B, Vitamin C and Vitamin E and minerals like Zinc, Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Copper, Selenium and other nutrients such as folic acid, protein, Omega3 and Omega6. It is also used for making bread, biscuits, cakes, pasta, noodles etc."
1182,Fragrance Body Spray - Tranquil,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Park avenue,179.1,199,Men's Deodorants,3.8,"Tranquils fresh cologne aromatic notes blended with the nutmeg, cardamom spices gives it a refreshing soothing feel. Its fresh patchouli with heavy ambery, woody base notes helps to hold the fragrance on for a long time.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1183,Aluminium Outer Lid Pressure Cooker - Evok,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Greenchef,899,1125,Pressure Cookers,3.5,"The Greenchef Evok pressure cooker is just the thing you need if you are looking for an all-purpose cooking utensil. This cooker is convenient to use. It can be used for both boiling and slow cooking food. The outer lid easily fits, locks and covers the food while cooking. Featuring a gasket ring with a safe release valve, you do not have to worry about any mishaps with this pressure cooker. The sturdy build is easy to handle and maintain. Owing to its size, it can be conveniently stored in your kitchen racks. This versatile cooking utensil is a must-have for all kitchens and will make cooking easier and faster."
1184,Air Freshener Spray - Jasmine & Camphor,Cleaning & Household,Pooja Needs,CamPure,150,150,Camphor & Wicks,3,"The first of its kind scent - Camphor, spreads quickly to neutralize and remove unpleasant odours, protects you from mosquitoes, flies, insects. It has a 2-in1 benefit. Unlike conventional products which are either a fragrance or a repellent, CamPure Camphor Air Purifier is both. It provides a refreshing fragrance while also repels mosquitoes."
1185,Extra Virgin Olive Oil 2L + Olive Leaf Infusion - Classic 15 g,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,BORGES,1384.01,2849,Extra Virgin Olive Oil,3.5,"Extra Virgin Olive Oil 2L From a special selection of the highest quality olives cultivated under the Mediterranean sun, with all their original taste and aroma. Gives the captivating flavour of olives, ideal for salads and dressings."
1186,Rose Woman Deodorant,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Nike,223.2,279,Women's Deodorants,3,"A brand inspired by the Greek goddess of victory, it personifies strength, speed and energy and it launched its first perfume in 1929. Since then, a wide assortment of fragrance collections has hit the marketplace with refreshing, and eye-catching proposals that capture the essence and lifestyle of today´s man and woman. Nike Rose woman Deodorant."
1187,Neem & Turmeric Clear Skin Soap Combo,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Azafran,243.75,325,Bathing Bars & Soaps,3.5,"This exquisitely handcrafted soap with organic Neem and Turmeric Extracts gently cleanses the skin without stripping it of its natural oils, giving you a flawless and glowing skin."
1188,Tamarind - Sweet,Fruits & Vegetables,Exotic Fruits & Veggies,Fresho,99,123.75,Exotic Fruits,3.5,"Sweet tamarind is bean shaped with brown to clay coloured skin. Flesh inside the pod is tender, succulent and sweet.Tamarinds include small amounts of a mixture of vitamins, including vitamins A, C, E and K. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/642/dahi-vada/"
1189,Shampoo - Environmental Defence,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Dove,530,530,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.1,"The environment can be tough on hair. Pollution from smoke and dust and other air pollutants can damage your locks, leaving them rough and prone to breakage. What city hair needs is nourishment and protection to counteract day-to-day pollution - and thats exactly what Dove Environmental Defence Shampoo provides."
1190,Aluminium Induction Base Sauce Pan - Silver.,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,HAZEL,599,749,Tawa & Sauce Pan,3.5,"Hazel Aluminium Sauce Pan has an ergonomic design for ease of use. It features an ergonomic handle for easy function. This induction base saucepan is highly durable and is made of fine quality material making it long-lasting. It is easy to clean and wash. It is highly durable and has a comfortable handle making it easy to carry. It ensures even heat distribution and fast cooking. It is used to boil water, make sauces and soups, or for braising foods."
1191,Lite Health & Nutrition Drink - Regular Malt Flavour,Beverages,"Health Drink, Supplement",Horlicks,278,298,Men & Women,4.2,"Lite Horlicks Malt contains the goodness of malted barley and wheat with zero cholesterol, high protein and no added sugar. Filled with a wide range of key vital nutrients and minerals, it is a complete drink that keeps you going. A glass of Lite Horlicks every morning after breakfast and you are ready to take on the world."
1192,Fluoride Free Toothpaste - Strawberry Flavor,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Mee Mee,268.2,298,Baby Oral Care,4.3,"The fluoride-free safe formulation for kids. Sugar-free with tasty Strawberry flavour. Contains triple calcium & phosphate for stronger teeth. Can be used for babies as soon as they get teeth."
1193,Turbo Bucket - Assorted Colour,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Nakoda,278,278,Buckets & Mugs,3.5,An excellent plastic bucket with extravagant strength and style. A durable product from India's leading plastic manufacturer. This bucket is very handy while using it for cleaning your floor. The extra strong feature helps the bucket with long life. The handle has been fitted into the bucket grooves which are inbuilt. The handles are made with high quality plastic which lends the strength needed to lift loads of water in the bucket without bending or breaking. It is made of durable plastic and has a capacity of 16 Liters.
1194,Jeera Goli,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Marudhar,106.25,125,"Marshmallow, Candy, Jelly",2.5,Marudhar Jeera Goli brings to you flavoursome mouth fresheners. It is a burst of tangy taste candy that helps in improving digestion. The digestive is natural and has a sweet and sour taste. It is consumed after meals. It is flavourful and aromatic. It can be consumed by people of all age. It is a rich source of natural nutrients and anti-oxidants. It also helps reduce stomach acidity and gas.
1195,Shells - Taco,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tex Mex Salsalito,170,170,Nachos & Chips,3.4,"A crispy taco is a quick meal fix that is tasty and healthy. Salsatilo is brand that specialises in Mexican ingredients, spice mixes, seasoning, sauces and much more. Their range of products helps you recreate authentic Mexican meals and this pack of fresh tacos follows suit in its bid to give you a tasty treat!"
1196,White Radiance Whip - UV SPF 30,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Olay,1699.15,1999,Face Care,5,"Now available in India, Whip is formulated with Active Rush Technology that transforms from cream to liquid on contact with skin, to give instant absorption. It holds and releases more than 1000x its weight in hydration and active ingredients. Experience the light feel and matte finish with the Olay Whips rangeUniquely whipped with moisturiser to transform on the skin for fast absorption and effective delivery of the tone correcting ingredients to skin's surface layer."
1197,Heat & Serve - Whole Wheat Paratha,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,Buffet ,105,105,Frozen Indian Breads,3.8,"The buffet whole wheat paratha comes in a 300 gm poly-pack and is ready to eat within minutes. These nutritious parathas can be enjoyed with curries, yogurt, pickles or chutneys. The buffet jeera paratha brings to you a special and traditional culinary classic from north."
1198,Dreams Carrot Pudding Cup Cake 6-In-1,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Elite,50,50,"Bakery Biscuits, Cookies",5,"Ready to Eat carrot pudding cupcakes. Elite products delight millions of households with a wide range of natural ingredients developed by leveraging our in-house R&D capabilities. We are continuously reinventing our product to meet the consumer expectations on both Taste & Health in conformance to our brand promise of “Elite- Good for you”. The product range thus offers great quality and delivers taste, healthy and convenience to our consumers."
1199,Organic - Garam Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,24 Mantra,75,75,Organic Masalas & Spices,4,24 Letter Mantra Organic - Garam Masala is a blend of ground spices with alluring fragrant is always helpful to bring good flavor as well as fresh smell to our cuisines.
1200,Iveo Glass Diamond Whisky/Juice Glass Set,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Iveo ,559,688,Glassware,3.5,"Tumbler is a flat-bottomed container usually made of plastic or glass. This tumbler by Iveo, made of glass, can be used to serve water, juices and other beverages. It will surely increase the elegance of your kitchen and dining space."
1201,Green Tea - Long Leaf,Beverages,Tea,Tetley,528,660,Green Tea,4.2,Tetley Green Tea Pure Original Long Leaf
1202,Revitalift Moisturizing Day Cream SPF 23 PA++,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Loreal Paris,622.39,845,Face Care,4.8,"L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Moisturizing Day Cream is enriched with anti-ageing elements that reduce fine lines & wrinkles, boost skin firmness, youthfulness, radiance and provides sunscreen/UV protection. A powerful anti-ageing day cream created by L'Oreal Skincare Laboratories for triple action that gives transformed skin. Instantly boosts the skin texture on 8 key zones for a smoother, fairer and younger-looking look. Dermalift Technology, Pro-Retinol A & Centella Asiatica to re-firm, restore and re-plump the skin. Use daily with Revitalift Essence, Night Cream & Eye Cream for a complete anti-ageing solution."
1203,"Sona Masuri Raw Rice/Akki - 18 Months, Pesticide Free","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,Safe Harvest,102.9,105,Raw Rice,4,Our Sona Masoori is grown in the soils of North Karnataka irrigated from the waters of the Krishna and Tungabhadra rivers. This paddy is aged for 12 months to allow the grain attain its best consistency when cooked while retaining a fluffy texture as is a great short grain variety for pressure cooking and boiling for both Indian and Oriental dishes. All Safe Harvest products are cultivated completely devoid of synthetic chemical pesticides. Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/233/rice-rice-products/
1204,Classic Plastic Dustbin / Garbage Bin - Beige,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Cello,369,546,Dustbins,3.8,"To make sure your health is given a priority Cello introduces exclusive garbage bins to keep your surroundings clean and hygienic, keeping all the health problems and diseases at bay. Having a dustbin around the house/office is a great way of enhancing the appearance of the room. Hence, we have come up with a wide range of bins/trash bins available in attractive colour options for both indoor and outdoor use.The dustbins from Cello are known for its excellent strength and durability as they are made of superior quality of material (Steel/ Plastic). It is advisable for all to keep at least 2 dustbins in your office/home at easy to access place so that your surrounding is clean and litter-free.Strong and durable BodyEasy to cleanNo need of touching the bin as it is equipped with an easy functional foot pedal."
1205,Dishwash Liquid - Gel Lemon,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Vim,99,109,Dishwash Liquids & Pastes,4.4,"Vim is the No.1 dishwashing brand in India. Vim’s Dishwash Liquid Gel is a concentrated gel containing the power of 100 lemons(power refers to the cleaning benefits of lemons). It cleans the utensils deeply and unlike dishwash bars, it does not leave any powdery white layer of residue behind on them."
1206,Hot Water Rubber Bag - Both Side Ribbed,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dimpu Poop-Cee,329,370,Everyday Medicine,4,"This Hot Water Bag ensures that the heat reaches the affected region, bringing relief from pain. For use, fill the bag with hot water and place it in the region of pain and the effect can be felt in minutes. It can be used as a natural body warmer and also for heat therapy treatment. It is useful in case of joint pains, muscular cramps, menstrual pains, muscle pull, stomach and backaches, arthritis and rheumatic pains, bed warmer, sports aches and pains."
1207,Choco Slab - Dark,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Dukes,155,155,Cookies,4.8,Dukes Dark compounds are ready to use: no tempering needed. 
1208,"Basmati Rice - Mogra, Broken/Tukda 5 Kg + Wheat Flour (Chakki Atta) 5Kg","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Atta, Flours & Sooji",bb Royal,468,650,Basmati Rice,3.5,"Basmati Rice - Mogra, Broken/Tukda: Sourced from the rice-bowl-states of Punjab, Haryana and Uttarakhand, it is processed in GMP plants using Swiss technology to ensure superior quality and nutrition value. The bb Royal Mogra basmati rice leaves a lasting impression because of its aroma, flavour and fluffy texture.Wheat Flour (Chakki Atta): Atta is made from the choicest grains - heavy on the palm, golden amber in colour and hard in bite. It is carefully ground using modern chakki - grinding process for the perfect balance of colour, taste and nutrition which also ensures that BB Royal atta contains 0% Maida. The dough made from BB Royal Atta absorbs more water, hence rotis remain softer for longer."
1209,Powder - Cumin,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Everest,51,55,Powdered Spices,4.3,"Sourced from the well drained, loamy regions of Gujarat and Rajasthan. This type is much valued for its high percentage of essential oil content that gives it an intense flavor."
1210,Eneloop Rechargeable Battery AA,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,Panasonic,399,550,Battery & Electrical,2.2,"1. Low Self Discharge"
1211,Chutney Powder - Andhra Khara,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Ask Foods,50,50,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.3,Ready to eat Chutney Powders.
1212,Refreshing Face & Body Wash - With Menthol,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Bombay Shaving Company,265.5,295,Bath & Shower,5,"A deeply enriching body wash, with menthol's cooling properties, that cleanses your skin and leaves it energised. Our Refreshing Face & Body Wash is thoughtfully formulated with unique odour-protect technology to keep you feeling fresh all day long. A body wash for both men and women, meticulously made without harsh chemicals - SLS & Paraben free. This shower gel will leave your skin re-charged. Perfect for everyday use, it is suitable for all skin types, dry, or oily."
1213,Instant Noodles - Duck Flavour,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Mama,35,35,Imported Noodles,4.2,Mama Is The Most Popular Instant Thai Noodle Brand In The World With Over 50% Market Share In Thailand Noodle Market. It Is Widely Popular Amongst Not Only The Thai Community But Also Any Asian Community. This Is The Latest Flavor That We Have Introduced In Mama Instant Packet Range. A Unique Flavor That Is Quite Popular Due To Gentle Broth Flavor Of Anise And Cinnamon.
1214,"Casserole For Roti/Chapati - Cosmos, Orange","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Flask & Casserole,Asian,119,192,Casserole,3.3,"Asian casseroles are made from food-grade materials and colours and come without gap inside lid fitting for better performance. You can now enjoy your favourite hot food anytime and anywhere. These casseroles are dishwasher safe, freezer safe, are elegantly shaped and are easy to handle. They come in fresh and attractive colours with graphic prints and have heavy PUF insulation for better performance. They are available in various sizes and gift sets."
1215,Nourishing Face Moisturizing Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Himalaya,63,85,Body Care,4.3,"Himalaya's Nourishing Face Moisturizing Lotion helps you recover lost natural moisture and nutrients due to the skin's frequent exposure to environmental extremes, pollution and chemicals. Himalaya's Nourishing Face Moisturizing Lotion helps you recover lost natural moisture and nutrients due to the skin's frequent exposure to environmental extremes, pollution and chemicals. It combines natural ingredients that restore your skin's vitality throughout the day. It is enriched with Aloe Vera, a natural moisturizer, rich in polysaccharides and enzymes, and White Lily that lighten your skin.The oils of Almond and Carrot Seed combine to protect your skin from the damage caused by exposure to pollution and sunlight. Nourishing Face Moisturizing Lotion is a perfect base for make-up."
1216,Skinguard Razor,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Gillette,297.5,350,Shaving Care,3.9,The new Gillette Skinguard is a revolutionary razor that is designed for any man who loves his skin. This 2-bladed razor has a unique Skinguard technology that minimizes contact between the blades and your face. It is the first Gillette razor in India with double lubrastrips that leave your skin feeling smooth after the shave. So experience the new Gillette Skinguard today- for a shave that your skin will love.
1217,Cut Sewaiyan,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Noodle, Pasta, Vermicelli",Nilons,45,45,Vermicelli,3.5,Nilons Plain Vermicelli Made with 100 % quality refined Maida. Extruded & Conventional dried. Matchless quality and taste of desserts. Non-sticky and lumps free. Make savory upma. Make a creamy sweet kheer for the perfect dessert.
1218,Mix - Badam Milk,Beverages,"Health Drink, Supplement",Bambino,105,105,Men & Women,4.3,Bambino Badam Milk Mix is enrich with saffron and almond flakes
1219,Fragrance Body Spray - 1 Good Morning & 2 Storm,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Park avenue,318.4,398,Gift Sets,4.3,"This enigmatic body spray comes with a fine gourmand accord which will give a perfect start to your day. It is one of the highest-selling fragrances in India. This fragrance belongs to the Oriental family. A few sprays of this deodorant right after the bath will keep you fresh throughout the day and keep away body odour. Get this deodorant spray from Park Avenue and start every day on a fresh note. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit: https://bigbasket.blog/"
1220,Ginger - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Organic Fruits & Vegetables,Fresho,6,7.5,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"Fresho Organic products are organically grown and handpicked by expert. Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
1221,Plastic Baby Toilet Potty - Assorted Colour,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Aristo,139,174,Other Plastic Ware,2.2,"Made from BPA free Virgin Plastic for strength and durability. It is suitable for boy and girl babies, easy to clean."
1222,Petals - Mandya Panty Liners,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Stonesoup,499,499,Sanitary Napkins,3.5,"Mandya Pads are soft, hypo-allergenic, washable panty liners that can be used for spotting, mild incontinence, vaginal discharge or on those 'expecting my period' days. They are compact to carry (can be folded to fit into a purse or a pocket), easy-to-maintain (can be hand-washed or machine-washed) and rash-free. Rid yourself of the plastic-y feel and gift yourself some Petals comfort. We have kept the colour and pattern of the pads gender-neutral so that it can be used by men and women alike. These pads are made by trained women of Mandya district in Karnataka and they are as excited as us to know the feedback on their stitched product. And by the way, these are eco-friendly as they save millions of disposables from the landfill!"
1223,Skin Lightening Shiner Bleach With Diamond Dust,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Olivia,17,20,Face Care,4.3,"Olivia Shiner Bleach gives you a unique sparkle. It comes with a Diamond Booster which includes pure Diamond Booster which includes Diamond dust that gives your skin that extra sparkle of diamonds. Sparkle like a diamond with this post bleach serum, enhanced with sunscreen that protects your skin against tanning. Reward your skin with instant fairness with the Olivia Shiner Bleach."
1224,Lusciously Thick & Long Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Sunsilk,215,215,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.2,"Sunsilk Lusciously Thick & Long shampoo, for visibly thicker hair that bounces with you! Thick & long hair is every Indian girls dream."
1225,Hazelnut Cold Brew Packs,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Sleepy Owl,400,500,Coffee & Pre-Mix,3.5,"1. This product is made from pure 100% Arabica coffee beans giving you the much needed earthy flavour and aroma of hazelnut. 2. It has no added sugar and is preservative-free making it a healthy choice. 3. It has its proprietary filter bags that ensure the grounds stay in and the flavour seeps out."
1226,Breakfast Mix - Finger Millet Ragi Dosa,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,GoodDiet,119,149,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.5,"Ragi dosa is deliciously & crispy Indian flatbread made, from premium quality finger millet. It is known to be extremely healthy, easily digestible and very nutritious. Bb GoodDiets Ragi dosa breakfast mix has all the goodness of black gram, Bengal gram, wheat, and toor dal. An easy way to start a healthy day lies in bb GoodDiet breakfast mixes."
1227,Chicken Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Everest,38,38,Blended Masalas,4.2,"Everest Masala - Chicken this blend, the flavoring agents slightly predominate the flavor elements. Consequently the blend is fewer steeped in spiciness. For chicken curry, this gives the correct balance between the other ingredients and spice-elements in the dish."
1228,Instant Mix - Ragi Idli,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,FarmVeda,65,65,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,4.5,"This product is natural, nutritious, preservative free, traditional and tastes like homemade food. The Ragi Idlis will be soft, tasty when prepared and it is calcium-rich. The rich nutrients and the dietary fibre are making it a perfect breakfast. It is a perfect dish for children. Serve the yummy Idlis with Farmveda chutney podi or groundnut chutney podi for an unforgettable experience. The farmers who own FarmVeda ensures that the best quality food reaches your table. All the profits of Farmveda will go back to the farmers. Our goal is to make 110 million farmers of India prosperous."
1229,Strong Teeth Anticavity Toothpaste With Amino Shakti - Saver Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Colgate,344.96,434,Toothpaste,4.3,"Your trusted Colgate Strong Teeth Toothpaste now comes with Amino Shakti, *a unique formula containing Arginine with an insoluble source of calcium and fluoride."
1230,Vanilla-Infused Honey,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Honey Twigs,102,120,Honey & Maple Syrup,3.4,"Honey Twigs is made with the finest natural Vanilla powder from Kerala, infused with our Premium, Unadultered and Pure Honey gives it as exquisite flavor, making it a perfect addition to your desserts, beverages or creating a healthy addiction."
1231,Kapadwanj Bohra Kaari Spice Blend,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Cafe Junyali,395,395,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",3.5,"Bohra Muslims trace their heritage to the Fatimid Caliphate, Bohra cuisine is its best-kept secret. Gulbanu Fatehi shares her age-old kaari recipe pounded in her haveli in kapadvanj Gujarat. Kaari, is a traditional Bohra dish. It is coconut and cashew-based curry that requires a special masala called Kaari Masala."
1232,"Cheese - Organic, Cheddar, Pepper","Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Akshayakalpa,239.7,282,Cheese,3.1,"Cheddar cheese is the most popular type of cheese in the UK. Akshayakalpa Pepper Cheddar is handcrafted, organic, and an absolute delight for cheese lovers."
1233,Signature Gold Black Musk & Cedar Wood Perfume,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Axe,315,450,Perfume,4,"Make your presence felt extra-ordinary with Axe's Signature Gold Black Musk & Cedar Wood Perfume. This warm, woody fragrance, with the traditional scent of black musk and distinctive cedarwood, is symbolic of your days gone by and adventures yet to come. The kind of fragrance to don Ray-Bans and rock a scruffy beard."				
1234,Charm Avatar Deodorant & Body Spray Perfume For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Set Wet,129,199,Men's Deodorants,4,"Switch on your charm and bring Lovistaan alive every morning! You know what they want. You are not afraid to make the first move. You are 100% compatible with every sun sign."
1235,Premium Panchphoran,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Delight Foods,160,160,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,5,"Bengali Panch Phoran is a wonderful mix of 5 different spices - Cumin seeds, Fenugreek seeds, Ajwain, Fennel seeds & Mustard."
1236,Garlic & Chilly Toasty Cheese Slices,Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,MOOZ,250,250,International Cheese,3.5,"We at Mooz manufacture, Fresh Cheese, also commonly known as soft cheese. Our cheese is handcrafted by an Italian cheese maker, from milk directly procured from farmers. Mild, creamy flavour with mild garlic and chilly taste optimum for portion control. Great flavour that would be enhanced by heat. It is suitable for vegetarians. Farmer-owned - care in every step, from cow to you. Bring the taste of Italy into your own kitchen with our mild and milky mozzarella cheese. Makes a delicious after-school or midnight snack or adds the perfect melt to a meatball sandwich or panini."
1237,Shaving Foam Lemon,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Vi-john,160,200,Shaving Care,3.5,VI-John Shaving Foams Micro-Foam turns your daily shave into a luxurious experience.
1238,Steel Milk Sauce Pan With Copper Bottom,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,BB Home,349,599,Copper Utensils,3.5,BB Home Saucepan is made from the finest steel and is ideal for heating milk and making tea due to its superior heat conductivity and lasting durability. This utensil can be used on a gas stove. It is made from high-quality steel having a copper-plated bottom.
1239,India's No-1 Fluoride Free Toothpaste,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Dabur Meswak,98,100,Toothpaste,4.3,"If you want to start your day with something that is truly unique go grab a pack of Dabur Meswak today.Â  Dabur Meswak is made from pure extract of rare Miswak herb which grows slowly, resisting the brutal forces of nature amidst the sand dunes of Africa and South Asia."
1240,Cookies - Pista Badam,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Unibic,135,150,Cookies,4.2,"As nutritious as tasty, every bite of this cookie makes any moment an occasion to cherish. Every time a cookie lover reaches out for a real cookie, the only one that will meet the craving is the cookie with more. With more richness and more choices, Unibic Cookies are bursting with flavour and the abundance of more butter, chocolate, pista, cashew, and other rich ingredients. With over 30 variants including 7 sugar-free flavours, Unibic has something more for the entire family."
1241,Active Sport Face Wash,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Himalaya Men,126,180,Face & Body,4.4,"India's first-ever face wash created through an exclusive association with Royal Challengers Bangalore, Himalaya Men Active Sport Face Wash, a soap-free, herbal formulation, specially designed for men with an active lifestyle. The unique 3 herb complex of Orange, Mint, and Red Ginseng removes oil, sweat, and dirt to re-energize, refresh, and brighten skin."
1242,"Steel Lunch/Tiffin Box - Large, InsuLock","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Steel Utensils,NanoNine,349,477,Steel Lunch Boxes,5,"NanoNine Stainless Steel double wall insulated lunch box is World's First Leak-proof PUF Insulated lunch box. The clip joint is designed to function like a hinge making it easy to attain leak-proof and airtight condition."
1243,Sambal - Oelek,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Ongs,240,240,Thai & Asian Sauces,3.9,"Sambal is a hot paste, famous in South East Asia, and is made from a mixture of a variety of chilli peppers with some secondary ingredients. It can be served raw or cooked. This paste will impart a distinctive hot taste to any cuisine, especially meat, poultry, seafood, and vegetable."
1244,Jasmine Age Defying Moisturiser,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR,455,650,Face Care,3.5,"Inatur Jasmine Age Defying moisturiser comes with highly regenerative and skin healing properties. It is enriched with Jasmine oil absolute - that repairs skin and is anti-inflammatory, Shea Butter - that helps to rejuvenate skin, Hibiscus flower - that hydrates and moisturizes and Saffron oil - that brings radiance to the skin."
1245,Wasabi Powder,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Abbies,499,499,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",3.5,"Made from Dehydrated Wasabi, this is a fantastic flavouring agent for nuts, dry fruits, soups or marinated vegetables. Made from Dehydrated Wasabi, this is a fantastic flavouring agent for nuts, dry fruits, soups or marinated vegetables. 100% Gluten Free, Glutamate Free Product."
1246,Hemp Seed Oil Body Wash With Neem,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,ST. D'VENCE,399,399,Shower Gel & Body Wash,4.5,"Hemp Seed Oil and Aloe Vera, rich in polyunsaturated and essential fatty acids with skin nourishing and anti-inflammatory properties, come together in an indulgent body wash, with the goodness of 100% pure Hemp Seed Oil and Aloe Vera which relieves skin irritation and protects skin ageing."
1247,Kesar Mango,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,115,143.75,Mangoes,3.5,"Gir Kesar, due to its cultivation in foothills of Girnar, is irresistibly sweet, juicy and delicious. Skin is yellow with a tinge of green on the outside. The pulp is bright orange in colour. It is an early season variety. It is the queen of mangoes."
1248,"Crackers - Rock Salt & Pepper, Gluten Free",Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,GoodDiet,159,225,Crackers & Digestive,3.5,"Good Diet Crackers are gluten-free and they come in a variety of flavours. These deliciously crunchy and high-quality crackers are naturally sweetened and contain no dairy or added preservatives. You can relish them the way they are, paired with tea/coffee or you could add toppings and pair it with dips of your choice. They are a good source of protein and fibre. It also contains no cholesterol and trans fat."
1249,Organic - Chia,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,Bagrrys,243.75,325,Granola & Cereal Bars,2.6,"Chia are nutritious and healthy seeds, with High Protein and Fibre. They are rich plant source of Omega-3. They are also called Runners food because of their power packed protein punch."
1250,Beard Kit,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Uncle Tony,2475,3300,Combos & Gift Sets,3.5,"The combination of a beard oil, a beard wash, mustache wax, all made in Provence, add to that a beard comb."
1251,Baby Cream,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Himalaya Baby,214,260,Baby Creams & Lotions,4.3,"A Specially formulated soft cream for dry cheeks, tender noses, rubbed elbows and knees. Olive Oil improves Skin lustre, Country Mallow, an anti-oxidant, protects and soothes skin."
1252,Vacuum Fried Jackfruit,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Phalyum,100,100,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Vacuum Fried Jackfruit fried in low heat and low pressure, these health nuggets know how to pack a punch. This guilt-free snack will help you enjoy every bite. Indeed a good start to all your beginnings. Munch 'em up.Being rich in Vitamins B & C is not the only reason that will make you indulge in this bit of delight."
1253,Namkeen - Congress,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Sanjay,72,72,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,3.7,Made with Roasted groundnut
1254,Hand Wash - Orange Peel,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,50ap,99,99,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,4,"Perk up your senses with this light and uber lathering, Orange Peel handwash. It has a delightful, summery and just right to make your day tropical. This fresh, ultra lathering anti-bacterial & moisturising hand wash gently cleanses your skin, while the energising and delicious scent Orange peel smell so delightful that it uplifts your senses and leaves the skin feeling so clean and soft."
1255,Bhujia Sev,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Haldirams,140,140,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.2,"EAN Code: 401772 Country of origin: India For Queries/Feedback/Complaints, Contact our Customer Care Executive at: Phone: 1860 123 1000 | Address: Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited, Ranka Junction 4th Floor, Tin Factory bus stop. KR Puram, Bangalore - 560016 Email:customerservice@bigbasket.com"
1256,Planter Pot - Medium No 3 Brown,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Gardening,Ratan,110,110,"Pots, Planters & Trays",3.6,"Ratan Plasticware, an ISO 9001 - 2008 Certified Company, is a pioneer in household plastics. With presence in USA, UK, Europe, South & Central America, Asia, India and many more countries across the globe serving millions of satisfied customers it adheres to strict quality guidelines meeting international standards. All its products are made of BPA free virgin plastic using food grade material. Its range spreads across Food Storage Containers, Dust Bins, Storage Bins, Buckets, Basins, Laundry Baskets, Shopping Baskets, Waste Baskets, Trays, Jugs (Pitchers), Glasses, Plates, Bowls, Collanders, Pet Bowls, Stools, Tubs, Planters, Shoe Box, Juicer, Cutlery Holder, Strainer, etc."
1257,Aluminium Large Round Mould - Assorted Colour,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Bakeware,HAZEL,379,759,Bakeware Accessories,1,"Ideal for the baker in you, who loves the perfection in recipes. Hazel has come with best quality aluminium moulds to add excellence to your baking interests. aluminium is the best material for baking, the construction allows for consistent, even heating and it has better heat conductivity than any other bakeware. The food-grade aluminium moulds are perfectly safe and healthy options for your homes. A durable and resistant to dents bakeware. It is easy to use and clean. The mould is large and round in shape and you can go from traditional to trendy. The versatility of shape is one of the beauties of the product. You’re guaranteed the perfect cake every time! A mould is a hassle-free option for your Multi-layered Cakes, Cheesecakes, Coffee Cakes, Frozen Desserts."
1258,Apple Cider Vinegar With Mother,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Nectar Valley,575,575,Balsamic & Cider Vinegar,3.5,"Nectar Valley Apple Cider Vinegar with the mother, ingredients certified organic apple juice brewed to 4.8% acidity why you will love it made from the fermented cider of the best organic apples, a product of highest quality is born. Neither filtered nor pasteurized. Nectar valley organic apple cider vinegar with mother preservatives of all the beneficial properties of the mother, cloudy sediment that is responsible for stimulating the whole process of fermentation and is rich in natural enzymes, proteins and good-for-you bacteria. Mild and delicious, our apple cider vinegar with mother earns its keep in every home and pantry."
1259,Sliced Jalapeno,Gourmet & World Food,Tinned & Processed Food,Tify,135,150,"Olive, Jalapeno, Gherkin",4.4,"Tify Sliced Jalapeno can be used in sauces, soups, general Cooking, add them to a burger or sandwich for that extra spicy flavour. Jalapeno has antioxidant properties and it helps to relieve headache."
1260,Homemade Seedless Amla Pickle - No Preservatives,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Vaada,475,475,Other Veg Pickle,3.1,"Skillfully handcrafted to perfection and painstakingly cut into bite size pieces, Vaada Amla is Seedless homemade pickle with a healthy twist. It is a creative bridge between chutneys, sauces and condiments. It is prepared using choicest unblemished amla each individually checked for its quality. Freshly roasted and ground spices give it a unique taste. Cleanliness and strict hygiene is adhered to throughout the pickle making process. Premium quality fresh spices, Hing, Raw Apple Cider Vinegar, Rock Salt, Sesame seeds and an artful mixed sesame and mustard oils are used for their healing and digestive health benefits. Our pickle is naturally cultured and is free of any artificial preservatives. Our pickles urge you to be Bold,Creative, Modern while rooted in tradition in their boundlessness usage as a compliment to all cuisines."
1261,Power 10 Formula Po Effector,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,It's Skin,855,950,Face Care,3.5,"It's Skin Power 10 Formula PO Effector! It is a weightless serum that can be proved as a saviour for people with oily skin. It regulates natural sebum production and controls the skin from getting oily and greasy. It helps in reducing blackheads and blemishes, giving a clean and clear skin."
1262,"Tablet - Organic, Forskolin, Coleus, 450 mg, USDA Certified",Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Geo-Fresh,780,780,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",3.5,"Geo Fresh presents their healthy and nutritious range of organic Ayurvedic tablets which are packed with essential nutrients that are bound to boost your immunity, leave you energised and provide you with all the health benefits you need that require you to go on for a healthy living. Forskolin is a herbal supplement which can be used as a natural remedy for treatment in cancer, obesity, glaucoma, allergies and asthma."
1263,"Plastic Beaute Strainer - Decorative, Assorted Colour 1 pc 17 cm","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,All Time,60,65,"Strainer, Ladle, Spatula",3.7,"Straining is an everyday task in most kitchens, for which a tough, durable, easy-to-clean and maintain strainer is a necessity. All-Time Strainers are made of premium food-grade plastic that are elegant, tough and durable. Their innovative scoop design and handles with fissures prevent spillage while pouring and filtering. The strainer is a heavy duty which is suitable for both home and commercial use. They are resistant to rust and easy to store."
1264,Freshly Baked - Plain Lavash,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Bakery Snacks,Fresho Signature,99.45,130,Bread Sticks & Lavash,3.5,Cherish the heavenly taste of these incredibly delicious Fresho Signature lavash. Every sensational bite of this artisanal handmade treat is sure to leave you craving for more.
1265,"Organic Misri - Whole, Sugar/Sakkare Candy","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,90,99,"Organic Sugar, Jaggery",3.5,"Misri Whole is big known for its sweet taste and distinctive features. The product is pure, natural and chemical-free with no impurities. Mishri has been used in various Ayurvedic medicines and proved to be effective against cough. It clears cough and soothes the oral cavity. It also loosens up mucus and provides quick relief. It is considered as medicinal sugar & includes natural honesty of minerals and vitamins therein sugarcane extract which hygienically filled."
1266,Glass Dessert Bowl,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,DP,349,408,Glassware,4.1,"This glass bowl is suitable for serving sweets, dry fruits, munchies in it. It is composed using high-quality glass material which ensures to be strong, durable and sturdy. The minimalistic design ensures that the bowl can be kept in the middle of your dining table and be used for gifting purchase also."
1267,Fields Of Gold - Red Rice,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dals & Pulses,PRISTINE,96.03,99,Cereals & Millets,4,Red Rice is the most referred rice in the ancient Ayurvedic text as Raktasali in Charaka and other Samhitas. It provides a variation to the meal. Pristine is a pioneer in manufacturing organic and nutritional products using a variety of diverse crops.
1268,Disinfectant Floor Cleaner,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Domex,235,280,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.9,"Domex Disinfectant Floor Cleaner kills all germs including bacteria, virus and fungi which live on the surfaces in your house thus, protecting your family against infection. It helps in keeping your home fresh, clean, and germ-free. This disinfecting floor cleaner contains Sodium Hypochlorite as recommended by Leading Health Organisations for disinfecting surfaces in-home and institutional facilities. The powerful bleach-based formula disinfects the floor and makes them safe. Domex Disinfectant Floor Cleaner can be used to clean ceramic tiles, floorings, and hard floors, leaving everything fresh and sparkling clean. It helps in removing tough stains on surfaces to make them look sparkling clean and kills germ safely. This disinfecting floor cleaner is suitable for daily use to keep your home clean, disinfected, and safe."
1269,Argan Oil - Body Butter,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,XPEL,550,550,Shower Gel & Body Wash,2.7,"Argan Oil Body Butter Has Been Formulated To Smooth, Soften And Moisturize The Skin. The Rich Formula Combines A Blend Of Argan Oil, Shea Butter And Vitamin E."
1270,Lemon and Active Salt Dishwash Cleaning Gel,Cleaning & Household,Detergents & Dishwash,Giffy,125,125,Dishwash Liquids & Pastes,5,"Giffy dishwash gel is packed with the benefits of 2 ingredients - Lemon and Active Salt. Giffy cleans 2X faster than ordinary dishwash liquids, as per independent lab study. The natural ingredients make it effective even on tough stains, but gentle on your hands. Washes off easily with no residue or white patches, leaving utensils with a fresh, clean smell."
1271,Platinum Active-Shield Disinfectant Toilet Cleaner Liquid - Lavender,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Harpic,99,99,Toilet Cleaners,4.3,"Harpic Platinum Active shield combines the powerful stain removal of Harpic with revolutionary stain-resistant technology that prevents stains from sticking by forming a protective non-stick layer and keeps your toilet cleaner for longer. Use the New Harpic platinum active-shield for a toilet that is not just clean, but also stays clean, for up to 100 flushes! Always use Harpic toilet cleaner separately. Do not mix with other products."
1272,Coccinia - Sliced,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,23,28.75,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,"The flesh of Coccinia is crunchy with a mild bitter after taste. Mature ones taste even sweeter. The translucent white flesh with seeds embedded turns red on ripening. They are oval to elongated with thick and light green skin. We deliver them fresh and diced, making your preparations much easier and quicker because we value your time!"
1273,Eggs - White Leghorn,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Eggs,Mpm,60,60,Farm Eggs,3.5,"This is very fresh eggs collected from layer farms. These are very tender eggs. The hens are aged above 22 weeks only. They are fed normal proteins and calcium.These are one of nature's most wholesome and cost-effective foods. You can bake enjoyable cakes, cookies, scones etc. with eggs try your hand over at family pasta as well."
1274,Dranex Drain Cleaner,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Kiwi,128,135,"Kitchen, Glass & Drain",4.3,"Cleans blocked drainpipes Melts kitchen grease and hair"
1275,Chocolate Sprinkle,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Puramate,67.5,75,"Baking, Cake Decorations",4.3,"Put the finishing touch on all of your fun and festive baked treats with these chocolate sprinkles! Perfect for a consistent product that's sure to please you. Sprinkle these tiny, thin, rod-shaped confections into your signature cookie batter, top a flavorful ice cream sundae, or use them to garnish frosted cupcakes. Can also be sprinkled on cake pops, cookies, cakesicles and more."
1276,XX3 Cologne Spray - For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Engage,175,250,Men's Deodorants,4,"EAN Code: 8901725952204 Country of origin: India Manufacturer Name & Address: ITC Limited, 37, J.L. Nehru Road, Kolkata- 700071 Marketed by: ITC Ltd. Virginia House 37 J.L. Nehru Road Kolkata - 700 071 Best before __PSL__days from delivery date For Queries/Feedback/Complaints, Contact our Customer Care Executive at:Phone:1860 123 1000 | Address:Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited, Ranka Junction 4th Floor, Tin Factory bus stop. KR Puram, Bangalore- 560016, Email:customerservice@bigbasket.com"
1277,Pickle - Fish,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Tasty Nibbles,225,225,Canned Seafood,3.5,"Fish is a rich source of protein and Omega 3 fatty acids. The cleaned, marinated fish is cooked and pickled with spices and vinegar. The Fish Pickle is a great appetiser. Fish Pickle is processed with the know-how of CFTRI in a HACCP approved Factory."
1278,Earl Grey Black Tea - Finest Tea Collection,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Newby,505,505,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"A British classic and a royal favourite, Earl Grey takes its name from the eponymous Prime Minister who so loved the scent of bergamot and orange in smooth black tea. With sweet notes of citrus and a satisfyingly well-balanced flavour, Earl Grey is enjoyed at its best in Newby’s Silken Pyramids. Wrapped in multi-layer sachets for freshness, this whole leaf tea is presented in luxury packaging inspired by Newby founder Mr. Sethia’s collection of precious and regal antique tea wares. Each of 10 silken pyramids is specially sealed in triple layer alu-foil for freshness."
1279,Walker Toffee N Pecan 150G,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Walkers,279.2,349,"Cookies, Biscotti, Wafer",2.3,"These Luxury biscuits are baked in the secluded village of Aberlour, Speyside,in the heart of the Scottish Highlands.They are produced to a traditional recipe to which we have added liberal amounts of pecan nuts and toffee pieces.Walkers personally guarantee that this product is made using only the finest ingredients possible to obtain and contains no artificial colours, flavourings or preservatives."
1280,"Anti Dandruff Conditioner - With Tea Tree & Ginger Oil, For Dandruff Free Hair",Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Mamaearth,349,349,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.5,"Stimulate and renew your hair with an outlandish mix of Tea Tree and Ginger Oil that helps in reducing itch & irritation while contributing to the shine and smoothness of the hair and soothing dryness and itchiness. Mamaearth Tea Tree Conditioner is made using natural ingredients and makes sure that dandruff and excess oil are gently worked on & removed. Coconut oil present in the conditioner works like magic on dry and brittle scalp, making hair soft and smooth. Almond Oil nourishes and moisturises hair while adding shine. Ginger Oil contributes to the health of the hair and soothes dryness. Safe for coloured and chemically treated hair, this conditioner is free of harmful chemicals and toxins such as Silicones, Parabens, Mineral Oil, & Dyes."
1281,Sunrise Extra Sachet,Beverages,Coffee,Nescafe ,680,680,Instant Coffee,4,"Nescafe Sunrise Extra Sachet is a refreshing instant coffee. It is made with the blends of 70% coffee and 30% chicory that are slow-roasted to achieve the signature aroma. Awaken your mind and body with the intense taste and wonderfully refreshing aroma of this coffee. This coffee mix is an excellent way to kick start the day. It is easy to make without any hassle. Perfect for everyday use as a part of your balanced lifestyle. It does not contain any added preservatives, colour or artificial flavours."
1282,Sugar Free Digestive Cookies - Natural Fig Biscotti,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Sugarless Bliss,100,100,Crackers & Digestive,3.8,"Sugarless Bliss digestive cookies - natural fig biscotti are fortified with vitamins and minerals. It contain zero cholesterol, no trans fat and prebiotic. Suitable for diabetics and dieters."
1283,Namkeen - Corn Mixture,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Sanjay,65,65,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,3.7,Made with Cornflakes & groundnuts
1284,Signature Gold Temptation,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Axe,200,250,Men's Deodorants,3,"Introducing the Signature Gold Temptation, No Gas Body Deodorant by Axe– the World’s #1 Male Deodorant brand. Crafted with exotic nutmeg, praline and musk, this deo is the perfect fragrance for you to experience the luxurious finer moments of life. Make special occasions extraordinary. Pick your signature Axe fragrance from the unique collection of fragrances- Corporate, Rogue, Suave, Mysterious, Maverick and many more. Hold the can straight up about 15cms away from your body, and spray. It’s simple! You don't need to get worked up about using it on your body because it’s totally safe to spray the Axe Gold Temptation No Gas Body Deodorant directly onto your skin. With a wide range of body deodorants from smooth to exotic to fresh and other male grooming products, Axe is your wingman for all your daily grooming needs."
1285,Keto Namak Paare,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Ketofy,499,499,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Ketofy Keto Namak Paare has the perfect macros for an ideal Keto Diet: Low Net Carbs, High Fat and Moderate Protein along with essential Vitamins and Minerals like Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Magnesium, Calcium, Niacin, etc."
1286,Grand'Or Almonds,Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,Heidi,290,290,"Marshmallow, Candy, Jelly",3.5,Milk Chocolate with Whole Caramelized almonds
1287,Gluten-Free Singhara Atta,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Graminway,259,259,Flours & Pre-Mixes,4.7,"Graminway Singhara Atta is flour made from water chestnut seeds. It is widely used in fasting in the northern part of India. It is gluten-free with a glycemic index of 60. Singhara Atte ki Poori and Halwa are consumed when fasting, especially during Navratra. Singhara has antioxidant property, Singhara atta is high in fibre and this is also gluten-free flour. At Graminway, we believe that everyone deserves to live a full and healthy life. The intake of our food supplements will provide a good foundation for a healthy lifestyle. We are committed to providing the highest quality products at an affordable price. We are a company with a purpose beyond profit and want to make a lasting difference in the World. We aim to provide clean, natural, and healthy products without compromising on the flavours and taste."
1288,"Milk Mug - Red & White, Flower Print","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,India Circus,449,449,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.5,"Enjoy your beverages along with these various designs. Presenting to you the best and classic designs along with a variety of colours. This product will enhance your crockery collection and will become a style statement for you. The designs are new, quirky, classy, up-to-date and are a must buy for you."
1289,Plastic Cloth Hangers - Blue,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Laplast,119,299,Wall Hooks & Hangers,3.1,"These hangers are made of high-quality plastic, these heavyweight hangers will give a new and bright look to your wardrobe. Being rust free it will not damage your expensive clothes."
1290,Premium Raw Organic Melon Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,75,125,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.3,"Watermelon seeds also called as TarBhuj K Beej in Hindi is used in Asian and Middle Eastern cuisine. Roasted watermelon seeds are served as a snack or used to garnish salads, in other countries they are used in certain soups. watermelon seeds are edible and a great healthy option.Happilo provides food that is packed with the goodness of nature and taste that will keep you wanting for more. With a range of food items across categories like nuts, dry fruits, dried fruits, berries, seeds, mixed nuts, fusions, nut mix and other healthy items.Each of our products is not only 100% natural but is also made of 100% whole grains. While we stand strongly for health, wherein our products have a clear functional benefit, we believe that taste is the most important element when it comes to Snacks. We strive to bring the best range of snacks to you."
1291,Peppermint Leaves Powder - Useful To Relieve Spasm & Pain In Intestines,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bixa Botanical,295,295,Ayurveda,3.5,"Peppermint comes from the Mint plant (especially from Mentha piperita), there are 25 different species of mint & is commonly known as Pudinah in India."
1292,Opalware Dinner Set - Radiant Curves,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,LaOpala,1239,1375,Dinner Sets,4.3,"It is ideal for serving guests and home use. Laopala is a brand that is an essential part of our lives. At home or in the office, its the symbol of elegance, creativity and reliability with its wide product range, functionality, innovative perspective, distinctive designs and 80 years of experience. Enhance the beauty of your in-house bar or your kitchen with this perfectly crafted crockery."
1293,Steel Induction Bottom Tope/Patila/Bhagona - No. 15,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,BB Home,429,589,Cook And Serve,3.5,"The Tope/Patila is multi-tasking utensil used for heating your favourite beverages	 tea, milk, etc. It is also used to prepare rice and heat food. It is also used for serving and forms an integral part of your modular kitchen."			
1294,Organic - Dry Ginger Flakes,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,34,49,Organic Masalas & Spices,3.5,Dried ginger is nothing but clean ginger which undergoes a drying process before being used. Dried ginger includes a pale yellow inside and a skin varying in color from brown to off-white. Whole fresh roots give the freshest taste. It is utilized in culinary it improves their flavor and aroma. It is free from synthetic chemicals and pesticides.			
1295,Healthy Daily Eggs,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Eggs,UPF,69.3,70,Farm Eggs,3.5,"UPF Daily Eggs are fresh and clean eggs produced from the vegetarian feed. These are infertile. Eggs that make your daily life healthier.These are one of nature's most wholesome and cost-effective foods. You can bake enjoyable cakes, cookies, scones etc. with eggs try your hand over at family pasta as well. It is twisted boiled, sunny-side up, deviled or evened. The Indian method curry eggs can be finished in so many unique tasty ways. An egg can give you a health kick in no time at all! It is the ideal ingredient to add to your child's breakfast for growth and development. Eggs can be consumed in various ways like omelettes, boiled eggs, egg bhurji and in any of the dozen egg recipe.A rich source of protein, various vitamins and amino acids, it is one of the rare food items that contain diverse nutrients. Recent studies show that eggs can prevent strokes, heart diseases and also breast cancer."			
1296,Oil - Clove,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Pure,75,75,Body Care,4.3,"An essential oil extracted from the clove plant  For Beauty tips, tricks & more visitÂ https://bigbasket.blog/"				
1297,Organic Brown Rice 5 Kg + Multigrain Atta 5 Kg Pouch,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,bb Royal,537,769,"Organic Rice, Other Rice",3.5,"Organic Brown Rice:Â Brown rice is whole grain rice, with the outer hull removed	 white rice is the same grain after further milling and polishing to remove the bran layer and germ. Brown rice has a mild, nutty flavour, and is chewier and more nutritious than white rice. Organic Brown Rice is high in selenium - a vital mineral that decreases the chances of developing many illnesses. Just a cup of brown rice can supply at least 80% of our daily manganese necessities. There is a whole lot of variation between white rice and brown rice, and the most essential one being, unlike white rice, brown rice has not lost its completeness. This rice is more healthful than polished rice. This is cultivated without the use of pesticides, artificial fertilizers or chemicals."			
1298,oriental-Instant Noodles - Tomato Flavour,Gourmet & World Food,"Pasta, Soup & Noodles",Koka,36,40,Imported Noodles,4.2,"No Preservatives, No Artificial Colouring, No Trans Fat"
1299,Digestive Seeds,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Mantra,70,70,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.3,"Mantra Digestive is made from premium quality natural ingredients that have a great taste. It contains no preservatives, no added colours or flavours. Mantra Digestive is a great way to indulge yourself naturally. The premium ingredients add a luxurious taste to it. Perfect healthy snacks to tame your small hunger pangs."
1300,My Passion For Him - Perfumed Deodorant Natural Spray,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Embark,295,295,Men's Deodorants,3,"About My Passion For Him:You love what you love. No holds barred. Its your first thought in the morning. Its what keeps you up at night. And you enjoy every minute of it. The citrusy, woody scent of My Passion, infused with juicy Bergamot and Vanilla, is both intense and intoxicating, just like the obsessions that drive you. Ã‚ A timeless classic much loved across ages.Fragrance Family: Fougere - Citrus - WoodyThe Note Story: The Top Notes contains Bergamot and cinnamon, which gives the most impact and initial spark. The Heart Notes contain Geranium and it is the character of the Fragrance. The Base Notes contains Musk and Vanilla and it gives the long-lasting freshness."
1301,Wonder Dry Pants - Double Extra Large Size Diapers,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Huggies,456.58,499,Diapers,4.1,"Huggies knows that nothing is more important than the comfort and well-being of your little baby. Choosing the best diaper for your baby is an important step in ensuring the comfort of your little ones during the day as well as overnight. That is why we have lovingly designed Huggies Wonder Pants for the all-round comfort of your little one. These diaper pants keep your baby comfortable in the day and help them sleep peacefully at night without any wetness irritating their skin. Their cottony- soft material is gentle on their bum keeping their precious skin perfect. And the revolutionary dry touch sheet pulls the wetness away from the skin of your baby keeping it dry and hygienic for up to 12 hours. If you are looking for safe and gentle care for your little one, stock up your diaper bags and changing tables with Huggies Wonder Pants."
1302,Honey & Almonds Advanced Nourishing Body Lotion,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Joy,156,195,Body Care,4.3,"Is your skin feeling rough? Say hello to Joy Honey & Almonds Advanced Nourishing Body Lotion. The Joy body lotion is a moisturiser which is effective for dry skin, providing deep nourishment and moisturisation. Joy Honey & Almonds Advanced Nourishing Body Lotion has a perfect balance of Almond Oil and Honey along with Vitamin E to provide deep nourishment and moisturisation to keep your skin soft, smooth, healthy and glowing naturally. The Joy skincare product also reduces fine lines and wrinkles. It helps improve firmness and elasticity of the skin, skin glows with health and vitalityDisclaimer: All pictures shown here are for illustrative purposes only. Them colour in the image may vary slightly with the actual colour of the product. Advanced nourishing lotion enriched with the goodness of Almond Oil, Honey & Vitamin E. Honey moisturises the skin making it smooth, firm and youthful."
1303,Premium Care XXL - 30 Diaper Pants,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Pampers,813.26,1099,Diapers,4.5,"New Pampers Premium Pants with cotton-like soft materials is best for your baby’s delicate skin. Pampers Premium Pants contain lotion with Aloe Vera and 3 Air Channels which helps your baby’s skin breathe. Experience 5 Star comfort with unique added features like Wetness Indicator which turns Yellow to Blue indication when you may change and Disposal Tape which helps you in easy disposal of the diaper. Pampers is the No. 1 choice of Doctors for diapers. Pampers Premium Pants are available in New-born (NB), S, M, L, XL and XXL sizes."
1304,Women Eau De Parfum,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Dkny,3995,4700,Eau De Parfum,3.5,"DKNY Original Women EDP is the first urban floral fragrance that captures the true essence and spirit of New York. A vibrant burst of Blood Orange drenched in refreshing chilled Mandarin Vodka imparts the energetic personality of the scent.Apply it to the pulse points like on your wrist, behind the ear, near the neck, behind the knee and on your elbows for the fragrance to last long."
1305,Dog Food - Lamb Flavour,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Companion Pets,2450,2450,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"For dogs to stay healthy and happy, they need a well balanced diet, loaded with all the essential nutrients. Companion Pets understands the needs of your dog and takes care of his health with vitamins and highly effective antioxidants."
1306,Hydra White Foam Cleanser,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,ColorBar,750.5,790,Face Care,3.5,"Colorbar brings you the Hydra White Range, formulated with our patented Illumeskin Whitening Complex. This unique complex illuminates your skin with its 4D action that blocks the production of melanin, stimulates collagen synthesis, protects skin from UV damage while giving it a boost of long-lasting hydration. Part of our Hydra WhiteTM Range, the Intense Whitening Foam Cleanser is an ultra-gentle, liquid-to-foam cleanser that removes all traces of dirt, impurities, and makeup, without disturbing the skin’s natural moisture barrier. No parabens. No sulphates. No mineral-oils. Only gentle love. Formulated in Italy."
1307,Safed Musli Root Powder - Promotes Vigour & Vitality,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bixa Botanical,1245,1245,Ayurveda,3.5,"Safed Musali is a decorticated rhizome or tuberous root of the Chlorophytum borivilianum plant, they are dried and powdered. In Ayurveda, it is mentioned as bitter in taste, heavy to digest."
1308,Argan Oil - Conditioner,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,XPEL,350,350,Shampoo & Conditioner,5,"Argan Oil Conditioner Is Formulated To Provide Intense Conditioning To Rejuvenate And Rehydrate All Hair Types. Moisture, Soften And Make Frizzy Hair Manageable.Imported From The Uk For Beauty tips, tricks & more visita https://bigbasket.blog/"
1309,Alphonso Mango Body Wash With Vanilla Beans,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,ST. D'VENCE,399,399,Shower Gel & Body Wash,4.8,"Alphonso Mango, with a high level of vitamin C and skin cleansing properties, finds its way in a rich body wash with the goodness of 100% pure Alphonso Mangoes that treats skin pores, giving you flawless, nourished and healthy skin. Infused with the benefits of pure Vanilla Beans, having anti- bacterial, anti-ageing and anti-inflammatory properties."
1310,Jackfruit - Peeled,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Fresho,55,68.75,"Cut Fruit, Tender Coconut",3.5,"Fresho brings peeled jackfruit to your doorstep in hygienic packs to reduce your effort of cutting the spiny skinned fruit. Jackfruits are large sized, bright green-spiny skinned fruit. When cut open, there are numerous soft golden yellow bulbs of pulp, with a meaty texture and an extremely sweet flavour that is similar to a blend of tart banana and pineapple. Do not forget to check our delicious fruit recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1102/upside-down-jackfruit-cake-with-atta/"
1311,Easy Lock Round Plastic Container,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Saura,199,217,Containers Sets,5,"This container, made of plastic, is used for storing any kind of foodstuff. It is ideal for serving and storing dry-fruits, spices, groceries, snacks etc. It container can also be used as a canister."
1312,"Sauce - Chilli, Hot",Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Ongs,240,240,Thai & Asian Sauces,4.3,"The Ongs Hot Chili Sauce is perfect for those who love chillies. Made from red chillies and with just a touch of garlic, this sauce brings a zesty flavour to any dish. The Ongs Hot Chili Sauce also a great dipping sauce"
1313,Byadagi Chilli Powder,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Fresh Ground,69,69,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",3.5,"Authentic Byadagi Chilli is Freshly Ground via our Patent Pending Process that retains its Natural Taste, Colour & Aroma. Byadgi Chilli has the perfect balance of Colour, Aroma & Taste and is perhaps the most balanced Red Chilli from India. Byadgi is however mostly recognized in Karnataka since much of the harvest is exported and its colour is extracted for making resin used in Nail polish and Paint."
1314,Masala - Kofta,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Hakim,60,60,Blended Masalas,4.5,"Hakim spice is the Indias first Mughlai food masala. No need to add chilly,corriander, Turmeric, garam masala, and not even salt as these are already added and method is also available inside the wraper. Hakim spice is use forboth veg and non veg food."
1315,N95 + PM2.5 Anti Pollution Face Mask With Activated Carbon - Large,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Bodyguard,189,225,Face Masks & Safety Gears,3.5,"BodyGuard has designed N95 Anti-Pollution Face Mask to provide reliable respiratory protection. It employs six layers of high-quality filters to effectively protect you from dust, odour, pollen, toxins and PM2.5 particles."
1316,Nutty Hazelnut Flavoured Instant Coffee Sticks,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Beanies,315,350,Coffee & Pre-Mix,3.5,"Get involved with the smooth taste of toasted, roasted nuts in every cup of Beanies Nutty Hazelnut Coffee, you’d be nuts not to give it a crack! Oh it’s good! because its also sugar-free with approximately only 2 calories per cup. It's gluten, dairy and wheat-free. Contains no Alcohol."
1317,"Crackers - Herb, Gluten free",Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,GoodDiet,159,225,Crackers & Digestive,3.5,"Good Diet Crackers are gluten-free and they come in a variety of flavours. These deliciously crunchy and high-quality crackers are naturally sweetened and contain no dairy or added preservatives. You can relish them the way they are, paired with tea/coffee or you could add toppings and pair it with dips of your choice. They are a good source of protein and fibre. It also contains no cholesterol and trans fat."
1318,Thousand Island Dressing,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Veeba,129,129,Dips & Dressings,4.3,100% Pure & Vegetarian with crunchier relish.81% fat free. .
1319,Potato Cheese Bites,Snacks & Branded Foods,Frozen Veggies & Snacks,Yummiez,195,225,Frozen Veg Snacks,3.1,"A never go the wrong combination of potato and cheese specially crafted to pamper your taste buds. Filled with flavours and goodness of cheese, these potato cheese bites are surely an anthem for every party!"
1320,Millet Dosa Batter,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Paaka,90,90,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.9,Paaka Millet Dosa Batter 1 kg
1321,Superlite Advanced Oil - Sunflower,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Sundrop,714,729,"Sunflower, Rice Bran Oil",4.3,"Sundrop Superlite Advanced Oil ensures that the absorption of oil while cooking is less than compared to any ordinary oil. Its advanced refining process makes it extra light, which is enriched with Vitamin A and D that takes care of upto 25% of the daily requirement of essential vitamins. So when you cook food using Sundrop SuperLite Advanced Oil your family eats well and stays active throughout the day. Enjoy this premium oil by Sundrop at super savings with this 3 Litre Jar. Brought to you by Sundrop - Healthy Oil for Healthy People."
1322,Assam Black Tea,Beverages,Tea,Emperia,159,159,Exotic & Flavoured Tea,4.1,"The Emperia Premium Tea range brings unique flavours to your tea. Our Assam Black Tea is made from the finest tea leaves sourced from the upper hills of the Brahmaputra valley. With a full-bodied, brisk, malty flavour and bright colour, our Premium Assam Tea can be served any time of the day. Tea is one of the most consumed beverages in the world."
1323,Licorice & Saffron Skin Lightening,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Azafran,116.25,155,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.5,"This Licorice & Saffron Skin Lightening is a cross between organic liquorice extract and saffron, with olive butter undertones to gently caress your skin and keep it baby smooth. This Skin Lightening Soap is made with butter of safflower and olive with a blend of coconut oil gives it a beautiful lift. A beauty indulgence to revitalize your skin."
1324,Chicken & Lamb Gourmet Loaf - Super Food,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Kennel kitchen ,150,150,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,Kennel Kitchen superfood is our grain-free recipe made with fresh regional sourced ingredients. Chicken and lamb gourmet loaf contains leading levels of chicken and lamb that provide lean protein and natural vitamins. Grain-Free Preservative Free Made with fresh regional sourced ingredients. Made with love in India. Natural food for dogs suitable for both adult and puppies. No added colours or artificial flavours.
1325,Lychee Blossom Honey,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Sakurafresh,415,415,Honey & Maple Syrup,3.5,"Our mono-floral Lychee Blossom Honey has a very delicate flavour, mix of mild and sweet notes, and rich in vitamins and minerals. Good source of anti-oxidants and energy booster Sakurafresh’s Lychee Honey is 100% raw, unheated and unpasteurized, preserving all the delicate enzymes and health- promoting qualities derived from the lychee flowers. Finally, you can experience the delight of one of nature’s finest gifts in a raw and unprocessed form."
1326,Garam Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Nirapara,82.5,110,Blended Masalas,4.3,"A North Indian Masala that is pungent, but not fiery-hot. It is a combination of different spices and easy-to-make spice blends and is the heart of most Indian dishes. It can be added in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. It will boost your metabolism, fights bad breath, and boosts the metabolism."
1327,Portable Female Urination Device For Women - Disposable,Beauty & Hygiene,Feminine Hygiene,Peebuddy,159.25,175,Intimate Wash & Care,4,"Made in India, PeeBuddy is Indias First Portable, Disposable - Female Urination Device for Women - Using which Women can STAND & Urinate in all Public & Common Toilets. It is a Revolutionary Product for Women who hate dirty toilets when travelling (Fights/Train/Highways) for work or leisure (Treks, Marathons, Road Trips, Events) or those with medical condition (Joint pains / Pregnancy etc). Using PeeBuddy you can simple STAND & PEE and avoid all UTIs/Infections/Yucky Experiences at Dirty Toilets. It comes with simple OPEN-PLACE-PEE-THROW instructions and is very convenient to use with no spills! Now Use PeeBuddy & Stay away from Infections, UTI etc. No more Wiping of Seat, no more squats, no more holding it in. Its a quality product by SIRONA."
1328,Vegan Parmesan Cheezy Seasoning,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Urban Platter,380,400,"Herbs, Seasonings & Rubs",3.1,"Vegan Parmesan Urban Platter Vegan Parmesan is made up mainly of cashews because that’s a key ingredient in a great many vegan dishes and glorious, nutritional yeast. Cashew’s natural flavour mimics the nuttiness like of real Parmesan. And the nutritional yeast adds the cheesy taste we need."
1329,Everyday Nutri Flour - Gluten Free,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Nutty Yogi,50,50,Flours & Pre-Mixes,3.7,"Nutty Yogi Everyday Nutri Atta is made from natural and healthy ingredients. It is made from sorghum, amaranth, potato flakes, corn starch, gum, ajwain. It is wonderfully nutritious and a good source of protein, vitamins, minerals and dietary fibre. This flour has a light, mild flavour, making it perfect for everyday use. It is healthy and has several health benefits. It is 100 % natural without any preservative."
1330,Skin Natural Serum sheetmask (Light complete +2 Charcoal),Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Garnier,211.61,297,Face Care,3.5,"Garnier introduces a new generation of face masks for women that infuses skin with 1 week of serum with 1 mask. Use Garnier Light Complete Sheet Mask if you have dull, dehydrated skin with spots. It is enriched with Lemon and Vitamin C and will instantly hydrate and brighten your skin in just 15 mins. It will also help in reducing spots, The tissue mask has been dermatologically tested."
1331,Manglore Rice Papad,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,SDA PAPPADS,65,65,"Papads, Ready To Fry",4,"Made from rice, Mangalore Rice Papads are crunchy and tasty. Just fry these and serve with any meal. These papads are perfect to be served with rice and curries."
1332,Dry Chilli Garlic Condiment,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,SPICHI,62.5,125,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",5,"Spichi Dry Chilli Garlic Condiment is prepared with using roasted red chillies, garlic and soy. This product is 100% Vegetarian."
1333,BBQ Sunflower,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tong Garden,110.5,130,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.1,"Popping open a bag of these is the most convenient and healthy way to enjoy that heavenly BBQ flavour. A handful of these spicy and sweet sunflower seeds will take care of your hunger, while also providing nutritional health benefits!"
1334,Walnuts - Californian,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Rostaa,991.6,1480,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Walnut Not Only Tatste Great But Are Rich Source Of Heart Healthy, Fats And An Excellent Source Of Those Hard To Find Omega 3 Fatty Acids."
1335,Curd,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,MilkLane,42,42,Curd,4.2,Milklane curd is made from high-quality milk obtained from well-maintained cows. The curd is thick and creamy in nature. This is well-loved by families.
1336,Sauce - Aglio Olio,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Saucery,290,290,Mustard & Cheese Sauces,5,Saucery presents its authentic range of a variety of sauces which is an ideal for raking up your favourite concoctions and can be used to make a wide variety of dishes. Saucerys Aglio Olio is made from extra virgin olive oil infused with slow roasted garlic with hints of chilly and basil. This is where simplicity meets perfection.
1337,Opalware La Opala Dinner Set WL - Scarlet Bloom,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,LaOpala,1919,2395,Dinner Sets,3.6,"It is ideal for serving guests and for home use. Laopala is a brand that is an essential part of our lives. At home or in the office, its the symbol of elegance, creativity and reliability with its wide product range, functionality, innovative perspective, distinctive designs and 80 years of experience. Enhance the beauty of your In-House bar or your kitchen with this perfectly crafted crockery."
1338,T & G Adv. Sun Care Daily Moisturising Lotion - SPF 30,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Revlon,172.5,230,Face Care,3.5,"• Touch & Glow Advanced Sun Care Daily Moisturising Lotion SPF 30 • Blocks UV rays from penetrating into the skin. • Prevents tanning, the formation of black spots & premature ageing. • Contains Aloe Vera, Fucogel, Vitamins A, E, C & B5 which deeply moisturises the skin. • Infused with sunscreen agents & SPF 30. & Glow Advanced Sun Care Daily Moisturising Lotion SPF 30"
1339,Premium Cat Food - Tuna Filets & Whole Prawns In Gravy,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,SHEBA,80,80,Pet Meals & Treats,4.5,"Nothing says love like Sheba Deluxe Cat Food, containing perfect cuts of real tuna and whole prawns in succulent gravy."
1340,Kerala Blasters Hasta Hand Sanitizer - Yennum Yellow,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Haeal,25,25,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,3.5,"Kerala Blasters Hasta Hand Sanitizer is the right choice for your personal hygiene needs."
1341,Natural Nourishing Hair Oil,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,The Moms Co,393,393,Hair Oil & Serum,5,"Our Nourishing Hair Oil is a toxin-free powerful combination of 8 oils and Natural Vitamin E that strengthens hair, adds shine and prevents hair loss. Natural Nourishing Hair Oil made with 8 oils that nourish and strengthens hair, stimulates hair roots by improving its structure & growth, strengthens hair by adding shine, preventing hair fall, and removes dandruff. Also, it makes your hair look clean and healthy nourishes hair from within. Get the best natural hair oils with our natural nourishing hair oil. Enriched with the goodness of 8 oils and natural vitamin e that strengthen hair, add shine & prevents hair loss."
1342,Fish Finger,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Seastar,210,210,Frozen Fish & Seafood,3.5,Seastar Fish Finger 250 g
1343,Liv-12 Tablets,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Meghdoot,200,200,Ayurveda,3.5,"The Meghdoot's Liv-12 Tablet helps in conditions of viral hepatitis, alcoholic liver disease, anorexia and loss of appetite. It acts as a adjuvant during prolonged illness and convalescence and is also adjuvant to hepatotoxic drugs like anti-tubercular drugs, statins, chemotherapeutic agents and antiretrovirals. It is made using ayurvedic formulation that it is safe to use."
1344,Spyroll,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Cakes & Pastries,Bauli,60,60,Tea Cakes & Slice Cakes,4,"Bauli Spyroll is a soft cake made from two different sponges, rolled around a tempting choco cream and is covered with delicious Choco base. This snack is just the best for your small hunger pangs."
1345,Snake Gourd - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,20,25,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"It Is Organically Grown And Handpicked From Farm Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
1346,Composter Metal Lid,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Gardening,Daily Dump,750,750,Fertilizers & Pesticides,3.5,"If you do not like the fragile terracotta lid then a metal lid is just for you. We have metal lids in two sizes that will fit most of our terracotta composters.These are light weight and made out of steel, powder coated with a large handle. The prongs keep the lid from slipping off and protect the composter from any rats getting in."
1347,Neptune Water/Juice Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,BB Home,479,629,Glassware,3.5,"These BB Home glasses are crafted and manufactured in Taiwan to bring the best of the quality, clarity in glass and shine for elegance. These glasses are very superior in quality with high wall thickness and with a heavy bottom to flaunt your style and elegance to your guest at the first impression. These glasses are manufactured with high precision to ensure no wobbling on the rim or bottom of the glass."
1348,Mix - Vegetable Biryani,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Mother's Recipe,165,165,Breakfast & Snack Mixes,3.9,"Mothers Recipe takes you Vegetable Biryani mix. It is prepared using only the freshest ingredients, fragrant spices and a mother's magical touch. Mothers Recipe brings the traditional taste of Indian kitchens to 40 countries across the world. Deep-rooted in Indian culture it comes with the magic of the grandmother's kitchen. It brings a delicious mix of authentic taste and rich tradition. It brings eternal favourites to match every mood."
1349,Baby Soap,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Johnson's baby,270,270,Baby Bath,4.4,"Johnson's baby soap is enriched with Vitamin E. Easy to grip bar for bathing your newborn, recommended by the doctors. No Sulfates, No Parabens, No Dyes. Johnson's baby soap has a rich, creamy lather that gently cleanses and helps keep your baby's skin soft and supple. Preserves baby's natural skin moisture. Clinically mildness proven. Enriched with 1/4th baby lotion, helps moisturise your baby's delicate skin by reducing moisture loss while cleansing it ever so gently. Gentle care your baby's delicate skin."
1350,Smartwater,Beverages,Water,Glaceau ,300,300,Spring Water,4,"Introducing SmartWater. Water that is vapour distilled, the way clouds do it, and remineralised with electrolytes. Now that is a crisp, pure taste made smart."
1351,Saffron,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Kesari,300,300,Whole Spices,3.5,"It Is Finest Quality Of Spanish Saffron With The 1st In India Under Iso 3632 Category 1. It Is A Single Time Use Pack With Comes In A Strip Of 10 Pieces. Saffron is a spice derived from the flower of Crocus sativus, commonly known as the saffron crocus. Saffron crocus grows to 20€“30 cm (8€“12 in) and bears up to four flowers, each with three vivid crimson stigmas, which are the distal end of a carpel. The styles and stigmas, called threads, are collected and dried to be used mainly as a seasoning and colouring agent in food. Saffron, long among the worlds most costly spices by weight. Keep your saffron away from light, at a cool temperature, and in an airtight container with as little air as possible."
1352,Crispy Murukku,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Garden,35,45,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.1,"A southern snacking delight made in the most authentic way. These spicy, bite size, most crunchy sticks are made with Rice flour, sesame and cumin seeds. Savour this delight anytime, anywhere!"
1353,Hair Revitalising Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Bontress,517.5,690,Shampoo & Conditioner,3.5,"Bontress Hair Revitalising Shampoo is an anagain enriched shampoo which is used as a supportive therapy to control hair loss. Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from the head or body. Baldness can refer to general hair loss or male pattern hair loss."
1354,Advanced Hand Sanitizer,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Trust,250,250,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,3.5,"Trust Hand Sanitiser is protection on the go, whether you are at home or using public transport or simply eating outside, use Trust Sanitiser that offers water-free protection against germs. Trust hand sanitizer is specially formulated to protect you from germs with the use of soap and water."
1355,Alton Coffee Mugs - Rose R416,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Claycraft,459,572,"Cups, Mugs & Tumblers",3.2,"Chip resistant, made with fine fine ceramic, beautiful and attractive colourful designs, nice packing, available in major stores. Our products are made up of good quality ceramic material. It is easy to use and it is easy to maintain."
1356,Giloy Plus Ras,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Meghdoot,170,170,Ayurveda,3.5,"The Meghdoot's Giloy Plus Ayurvedic Ras provides antioxidants which fight free-radicals, keep your cells healthy and get rid of multiple diseases. It contains Giloy, which is an Ayurvedic herb that has been used and advocated in Indian medicine for ages. This also helps in removing toxins, purifying the blood, fighting bacteria which cause diseases and combats liver diseases and urinary tract infections. It is made using ayurvedic formulation that it is safe to use."
1357,Herbal Gold Peel Off Mask,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Khadi Natural,185.25,195,Face Care,2.1,"Gold is known for its anti-ageing benefits since ages. This rejuvenating mask removes dead cells and helps to maintain the skins ph balance. It imparts a glow to the face, lightens skin tone and makes skin youthful."
1358,"Toast - Fig & Walnuts, Gluten Free",Gourmet & World Food,Chocolates & Biscuits,GoodDiet,159,225,Crackers & Digestive,3.4,"Good Diet Toasts are gluten-free and have a unique combination of fruits, nuts and seeds, which is a great accompaniment with wine. Relish it with cheese or any dip to have a delectable experience. These are dairy- free and are naturally sweetened, containing no added preservatives, cholesterol and trans fat."
1359,"LED Bulb - 18 Watt, Cool White, B22","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,C&S Electric,199,450,CFL & Led Bulbs,3.2,"With a look that is very similar to traditional filament bulbs, C&S LED Bulbs are an instant replacement for them, as they fit into the same sockets and need no further reconfiguring while giving you regular brightness at a fraction of the wattage consumed. This LED Bulb has a long life span, they save up to 90% energy, and they have no mercury. It gives 25,000 hours omnidirectional illuminations."
1360,Choco Crunch Energy Bars,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,Ontherun,150,150,Cereal & Granola Bars,3.5,"Need that punch? Go for the crunch! With crystallized fresh ginger, it's the perfect accompaniment for tea or coffee. Chocolate Chips gives a rich taste. Finger Millet is the surprise ingredient. Breakfast on-the-go. Enriched with Vitamin C!! Ginger and green tea extract bars - perfect combination of antioxidants. Sugar-free, gluten-free energy bars with no trans fat."
1361,Hair Dryer HD180,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Braun,1998.15,2595,Tools & Accessories,5,"This Braun Satin Hair 1 Power Perfection dryer is an ultralight dryer for convenient and easy use. With 1800 watt it delivers fast and effortless results and makes styling easy. It combines an optimum drying temperature with high air volume for a fast finish."
1362,Steam Steriliser With Tongs,Baby Care,Baby Bath & Hygiene,Pigeon Baby,3290,3290,Baby Health,4,"Pigeon compact steam steriliser offers you greater convenience, in both household and travelling."
1363,Garlic - Organically Grown,Fruits & Vegetables,Organic Fruits & Vegetables,Fresho,56,70,Organic Vegetables,3.5,"Fresho Organic products are organically grown and handpicked by expert. Product image shown is for representation purpose only, the actually product may vary based on season, produce & availability."
1364,"Dentastix Dog Treat Oral Care For Adult Large Breed (25 kg+), 7 Sticks","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Pedigree,220,220,Pet Meals & Treats,4.4,"Did you know that 4 out of 5 dogs over the age of three suffer from gum disease? But thank god there is Pedigree Dentastix."
1365,Tong - Ice Cubes,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,FNS,195,195,"Strainer, Ladle, Spatula",3.5,"It contains 1 pc tong. Made of stainless steel, this tong is dishwasher safe. It has a mat finish and an ergonomic shape. This tong is an impeccable combination of beauty and function with lifetime anti-rust warranty."
1366,Pickle - Clam 400 GRM,"Eggs, Meat & Fish",Fish & Seafood,Tasty Nibbles,225,225,Canned Seafood,3.5,"Grey clam (Kakka ) is from the serene back waters of Kochi. Grey Clam is one of the most sought after product which is rich in calcium. The whole clam caught from the backwaters is depurated and cooked to separate the clam meat (Kakka irrachi) and the clam meat is pickled by marinating with salt, spices and vinegar. It is processed using the know-how from CFTRI in a HACCP implemented factory. Clam pickle is a delicacy of people in Kerala."
1367,A4 Soft Cover Single Line Design Notebook - 140 Pages,Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Camlin,53,55,"Notebooks, Files, Folders",3.5,"Camlin Notebooks are made to the highest quality standards. Made from superior quality paper and pulp, the pages are whiter, brighter and smoother. These notebooks come with a wide variety of covers with activities and trivia to make every Camlin notebook unique in its own way."
1368,Recover Effervescent Tablets with Essential Amino Acids - Raspberry Flavour,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,FAST&UP,790,790,Supplements & Proteins,2,"Post-workout recovery of muscles is something which needs to be one’s priority when it comes to intense workout pieces of training. Fast&Up Recover is an overall post-workout recovery supplement in the form of effervescent tablets. Fast&Up Recover single tube comprises of 20 raspberries flavoured effervescent tablets containing all 20 vegetarian amino acids with Glutathione making it an ideal muscle recovery drink."
1369,"Silicone Baking Tray - Round, Assorted Colour","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Bakeware,Seven seas,399,452,Bakeware Accessories,4,"Silicone bakeware is easy to use, easy to clean and easy to store."
1370,Surakta - For Pimples & Acne-Free Skin,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Baidyanath,100,100,Ayurveda,3.5,"The blend of botanicals in Surakta Syrup helps to purify vitiated blood. Meaning it helps to remove the root cause of skin problems. Hence, the chance of recurrence becomes less. Help reduce acne and pimples, improves natural radiance and glow and enhance skin complexion."
1371,Hair Gel Regular Hold,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Vi-john,22.5,30,Hair Care & Styling,5,Style Set is no ordinary hair gel. It's your perfect hair styling partner. Just a small amount can set your hair in the look you want while also making your hair smell good for hours.
1372,Rice/Akki - Jeera,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Rice & Rice Products,India Gate,119,128,Raw Rice,4.2,India Gate Jeera Rice is an exquisite variety of Kaima Rice or Jeerakasala which is extensively used in Malabari cuisine. It has a beautiful aroma imparting a subtle taste and is specially used to prepare authentic dishes like jeera rice.
1373,Vanilla Sugar,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Sprig,449,449,Exotic Sugar & Salt,4.3,"Sprigs Real Vanilla Sugar, invites all vanilla lovers to experience the depth of the worlds most regarded Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla beans. Rich, creamy flavours combine with the subtle molasses, natural caramel-like flavour of the rich golden Demerara sugar crystals."
1374,Chatpata Jaljeera Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Keya,70,140,Blended Masalas,4.5,"Keya Chatpata Jaljeera Masala is an exotic blend made from the choicest of ingredients, that are handpicked in the right proportion, gently blended and coarse ground to unlock taste and aroma only while cooking. Prepared by expert chefs, the magic of aroma locked Chatpata Jaljeera Masala comes alive with great taste and flavour.One of the most favourite beverages of Indians, Jaljeera is considered as a digestive drink. Cumin which aids in digestion while the mint has a cooling effect. Chatpata tangy flavour with refreshing mint, it has all which takes to make a perfect summer drink."
1375,Non Stick Kadai - Red,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Nirlon,449,609,Kadai & Fry Pans,3.7,"Nirlon is the most loved non-stick cookware brand, has its roots in the traditional Indian kitchen with its endless variety in cooking and the rigorous demands made of its products. They are made using Hindalco Aluminum."
1376,Quinoa Puffs - Onion Masala,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",GoodDiet,70,95,"Healthy, Baked Snacks",3.5,"Sit back and enjoy a completely baked, non-fried bite from bb GoodDiet. Here, quinoa, jowar and rice come together along with a hot and spicy flavour of onion masala to turn your snack into a tasty and crunchy delight."
1377,Orange Essential Oil - 100% Pure & Natural,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Treasures,142.5,150,Aromatherapy,3.5,"Orange essential oil provides quick and effective relief from inflammation. Orange essential oil can reduce the irritation. The orange essential oil relaxes muscles when applied externally. Orange essential oil helps in reducing acne. Orange oil is so frequently used in aromatherapy. It creates a happy, relaxed feeling and works as a mood enhancer.Warning: This oil is only for external use. This oil is not to be used by pregnant women. It is not suitable for children below the age of 10. Should be avoided before going into the sunlight."
1378,"Toilet Rolls - Premium, 6 in 1, 2 Ply",Cleaning & Household,"Disposables, Garbage Bag",Freshee,390,390,Toilet Paper,3.5,"Freshee Premium Toilet Rolls are made using 100% natural fibre that are soft and absorbent. They come with the added advantage of being able to dissolve and disintegrate faster than an average toilet paper. In other words, the rolls flush away easily without clogging the toilet."
1379,Triple Clean Toothbrush - Medium,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Pepsodent,17,17,Toothbrush,3.9,"ABOUT THE PRODUCT Pepsodent Triple Clean Medium Toothbrush features planned by dental experts. It has unique wavy bristles to clean well between teeth, Modern tongue cleaner, long and strong grip. It has 3 angled necks that allow deep reach in each corner of your mouth."
1380,Powder - Sambar,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Udupi Ruchi,52.25,55,Powdered Spices,4.3,"Udupi Ruchi Sambar Powder Is 100% Natural, No Preservatives, No Artificial Colors, No Artificial Flavors, No Artificial Enhancers, 100% Vegetarian, No Msg (Mono Sodium Glutamate) Product History - Sambar Known Through Out The Globe For Its Taste, Convenient And Heritage, The Word Sambar Comes From Marati Language, As The Maharastrians Migrated To South Along With Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, Sambar Became Popular In Tamilnadu Due The Significant Presence Of Marati'S In Tanjoor Belt."
1381,Spanish Saffron,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,AMADO,600,600,Whole Spices,3.5,"We bring top-quality natural saffron, directly from the farms of Spain to your kitchen table. This hand-harvested delicacy has an intense aroma and adds a beautiful golden hue to cooking. Its quality is of the highest grade with only selected strands being used to offer unmatched aroma, colour and flavour Amado offers Saffron Coupe (a French word for cut). This is the red part of the thread (Stigma) which is produced through an elaborate process separating it from the style. It is in this part that is concentrated on all the active ingredients of saffron."
1382,Deodorant Body Spray - Man Freedom EDT,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Tommy Hilfiger,5550,5550,Men's Deodorants,3.5,"Tommy HilfigerFreedomis designed for people who enjoy life to the full every day. Inspired by the sea and by the abundance of possibilities on endless horizon, the fragrance is perfectly adapted to marine-sporty style characteristic of this house. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1383,"Chocolate Bar - Bar One, Charge",Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Nestle ,16,20,Chocolates,4.4,"Introducing the new BAR ONE Charge which has a yummy new Nougat Taste. Priced at Rs 20 for 44g, the new BARONE Charge with its soft and malty caramel and nougat filling and delicious taste will leave you asking for more!"
1384,"Max Fresh Thermoware Hot Wave Lunch Box/Tiffin Box - Inner Steel, Blue","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Cello,639,795,Lunch Boxes,3.4,"Presenting an international concept cello max fresh products are made of sturdy fabric hygienic stainless steel containers for storing food free from any health hazard and fresh for long hours."
1385,Plastic Pro Lock 4 Side Lock Container - Brown,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Flair,119,190,Containers Sets,3.5,"Airtight with four side lock lid containers Ideal for dry food pulses and spices which ensures that flavour remains intact. Microwave safe without lid, 100% Food Grade & BPA free. Stackable Modular Design which helps you to organize your kitchen"
1386,Rock Salt/Uppu Powder,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Salt, Sugar & Jaggery",Turn Organic ,55,55,Salts,5,‘Turn Organic’ brings to you its premium Natural Rock Salt. Natural Rock Salt are food in itself. It contains 84 minerals required by our body. It has low sodium content and recommended for people having high blood pressure.
1387,"Plaza Glass Set - Transparent New, B11007","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Ocean,549,729,Glassware,3.5,"Ocean Glassware is one of Asia's leading glassware manufacturers. Its prime focus is clear and good quality soda lime based glassware. The new retail gift packs represent a unique and refreshing image of Ocean Glassware, targeted to meet gifting needs and enhance customer satisfaction, happiness and pleasure through the use of Ocean products for wining, dining and socializing."
1388,Cleaning Duster - Multi Purpose Micro Fiber With Handle,Cleaning & Household,"Mops, Brushes & Scrubs",Liao,279,395,Dust Cloth & Wipes,3.5,The duster is made of microfiber material which is bendable. It comes with a telescopic steel handle which is easy to hold. It is very helpful for cleaning dust from every corner of the house and the ceilings. Product can be only returned if it is not used and is in packed condition.
1389,Almonds - Roasted & Salted,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",SAPPHERO,435,435,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"Sapphero Roasted and Salted Almonds, because you deserve nothing but nature’s best offering. These crunchy super-nuts are packed with necessary vitamins, protein, fibre & minerals. They are a rich source of Antioxidants & they are also known to control blood pressure & blood sugar. A handful of Sapphero Almonds in the morning is a gift your body deserves."
1390,Svachh Stainless Steel Clip On Pressure Cooker (20229),"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Prestige,3570,3970,Pressure Cookers,3,"Bring home a revolutionary new cooker that completely transforms your kitchen experience, keeping you safe and happy in the kitchen. The lid can be placed in any position and closed safely."
1391,Antioxidant Mix 125 gm + 5-in-1 Super Seeds Mix 125 g,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,280,298,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.5,"True Elements Snacks are now infused with a various combination of seeds such as Sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, watermelon seeds, chia seeds and goji berries."
1392,Egg Curry Masala,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Keya,60,120,Blended Masalas,4.2,"Keya Egg Curry Masala is an exotic blend made from the choicest of ingredients, that are handpicked in the right proportion, gently blended and Coarse Ground to unlock taste and aroma only while cooking. Prepared by expert chefs, the magic of aroma locked Egg Curry Masala comes alive with great taste and flavour.How can you resist when somebody offers you an Egg Curry? One of the most popular dishes in India, it is one dish that is loved by the majority of the people from all the age groups. The mass consumption of this delicacy has been a result of eggs being the staple in the pantry and its sweet spicy flavours!"
1393,Natura Low Calorie Sweetener,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Salt, Sugar & Jaggery",Sugar free,150,150,Sugarfree Sweeteners,4.2,"Sugarfree Natura made using Sucralose which is a derivative of Sugar."
1394,Man Deo - Frost,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Engage,253.51,390,Men's Deodorants,3.9,"Engage Frost Deodorant is for men. It has a fresh citrus and sensual fragrance that gives you long lasting aroma. It gives you protection against bad odour for a long time. The spray is easy to use and apply. It keeps you feeling fresh all day long. It accompanies all the occasions be it a party, a business meeting or a date. Strike an impression with this spray."
1395,"Steel Dal/Gravy Laddle - Medium, Premium Gem Series, BBST24","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Kitchen Accessories,BB Home,99,149,"Strainer, Ladle, Spatula",3.5,BB Home provides fine and classy cooking and serving tools that can make a difference to your kitchen experience. These cooking/serving tools are made from 100% food-grade stainless steel. The handle is designed in a way so it does not feel heavy while cooking/serving. It is easy to store as it has a bottom hole on the handle to hang it on the wall.
1396,Namkeen - Khara Boondi,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Townbus,10,10,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.1,Townbus Savoury Snacks are made by combining the freshest of ingredients with a traditional recipie. These authentic snacks will take you down memory lane and remind you of the traditional snacks your grandma used to make with love. Townbus namkeens are perfect to relish with your evening tea or coffee. They can also be used in chaat for added flavour or to customise it as per your liking. Townbus every bite has a story.
1397,Sandal & Almond Milk Soap,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Santoor,139.5,155,Bathing Bars & Soaps,4.4,"The deep acting ingredients of Sandal and Almond Milk softens and moisturizes your skin giving you a younger looking skin. The new variant moisturizes and provides you with a softer skin and a fragrance that will enhance your entire bathing experience. Santoor Sandal and Almond milk soap hydrates and moisturizes your skin to have a glow like a bride. It removes tanning, cures skin itching and detoxifies the skin."
1398,Thokku - Tomato,Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Mambalam Iyers,67,67,Other Veg Pickle,3.1,"Mambalam Iyers Tomato thokku is a extremely simple and delicious South Indian delight which can prepare, stored and saved for later. Spicy Tomato Preserve is a stronger of tomato chutney in which onions are avoided completely."
1399,Wine Fairness Facial Sheet Mask EX,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Mirabelle,77.35,119,Face Care,4,"Wines to smooth wrinkles and fight free radicals for healthy, glowing skin. Mirabelle wine Koren fairness facial sheet mask provides intense moisture and fairness. Suitable for both women and men."
1400,Sensitive Toothpaste - Whitening,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Sensodyne,254.8,260,Toothpaste,4.3,"Sensodyne Whitening toothpaste provides clinically proven relief and daily protection for sensitive teeth. Relieves sensitivity by building a protective barrier that blocks the sensitivity caused by hot, cold, sweet and other contact triggers. It restores the natural whiteness of teeth. Helps relieve tooth pain and protects sensitive teeth. For best results, use Sensodyne toothpaste twice daily"
1401,Leo Water/Juice Glass Tumbler,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,BB Home,409,539,Glassware,4.3,"These BB Home glasses are crafted and manufactured in Taiwan to bring the best of the quality, clarity in glass and shine for elegance. These glasses are very superior in quality with high wall thickness and with a heavy bottom to flaunt your style and elegance to your guest at the first impression."
1402,Naturally Pure Olive Oil,Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,Fragata,625,625,"Pure, Pomace Olive Oil",4,"Fragata, backed by an experience of over a century, offers a selection of the finest Spanish olive oils in order to meet the specific needs & cooking habits of Spain and all other countries around the world.The traditional olive oils and olive-pomace oils are ideal as a basic element of stews or for frying foods, preserving and highlighting the delicate flavours of prepared meals."
1403,Rhuma Oil - Pain Relief,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Baidyanath,160,160,Ayurveda,3.5,"Baidyanath Rhuma oil is an effective pain relief oil made by Ayurvedic traditional method. It’s a combination of herbs and oils packed with the power of amabahaldi (Curcuma Amada), ashwagandha (Withania Somnifera), erandmool (Ricinus communis), gandhpuri (wintergreen) oil, turpentine oil and camphor along with a few other beneficial herbs, which provides quick relief from muscular pain, joint pain, backache, sprain."
1404,"Nutty Spread - Spicy Peanut Butter, 94% Peanuts, No Added Sugar & No Added Oil",Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Open Secret,299,399,Choco & Nut Spread,3.5,"We set impossible standards here at Open Secret. We love a good traditional Peanut Butter Spread, so we thought how could we make it even butter (pun intended)."
1405,Winter Glow Face Cream,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Glow & Lovely,16,20,Face Care,4.5,"Are you worried about dry and rough skin during winters when your skin looks oily because of moisturizing creams? All these problems will be taken care of by the Fair and Lovely Winter Fairness Cream."
1406,Soap - Cocoa Butter,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,Nyassa,325,325,Bathing Bars & Soaps,3.5,"Cocoa butter soap contains vanilla extracts and mixed fruit extract that rejuvenates tissues and keeps the skin healthy. Vanilla Extracts improves skin tone and rejuvenates tissues. Mixed Fruit Extract acts as an excellent moisturising agent. It also helps in conditioning and is a natural defence against wrinkles.For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1407,Fields Of Gold Organic Flaxseed,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,PRISTINE,35,35,Herbs & Seasoning,4.3,Flaxseed is one of the omega rich seeds that provide a high amount of dietary fibre. Flaxseed is a seed procured from the flax plant. It has various health benefits if consumed regularly. Pristine is a pioneer in manufacturing organic and nutritional products using a variety of diverse crops.
1408,"Ice Cream - Belgian Chocolate, Stick",Gourmet & World Food,Dairy & Cheese,London Dairy,135,135,Gourmet Ice Cream,3.5,"A premium vintage ice cream with the most fragrant vanilla, enveloped by a thick Belgian Chocolate coating to give you the perfect bite of sheer indulgence."
1409,"Roasted Pumpkin, Sunflower & Flax",Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,146,149,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.5,"True Elements brings to you Roasted Pumpkin, Sunflower and Flax Seeds that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. It is perfectly crunchy and is 100% natural and high-quality."
1410,"Taft Looks - Wet Power Gel, Extra Hold 3",Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Schwarzkopf,425,425,Hair Care & Styling,4,"Schwarzkopf Taft All Weather Looks Wet Gel Extra Hold provides the long-lasting extra strong hold for wet look styles, without stickiness, without residues and easy to wash out."
1411,Fruit Power Juice - Guava/Amrud,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Real,178.2,300,Juices,3.5,"Blessed with numerous nutrients of nature, the Pink guava is well known for its great taste and numerous health benefits."
1412,"Powder - Bisi Bele Bhath, Karnataka's Iyengar",Snacks & Branded Foods,Pickles & Chutney,Delight Foods,225,225,Chutney Powder,4.3,"Bisi Bele Bhath, a traditional spicy rice dish from Karnataka is quite addictive served piping hot topped with lots of ghee and accompanied by fried papads and a cool raita. Ace Iyengar's Bise Bele Bhath powder makes it easy to prepare this dish in an authentic way."
1413,Herbal Amla & Reetha Hair Cleanser,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Khadi Natural,160,160,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.5,"This amla & reetha shampoo contains essential fatty acids, which strengthen hair follicles. The surplus of Vitamin C in amla can help halt pre-mature greying. Amla is an effective treatment for itchy & flaky. The reetha makes your hair shiner and softer. It keeps your scalp free from dandruff and prevents hair loss."
1414,Carbon Zinc Battery Red HD AAA 1012,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,Eveready,124,150,Battery & Electrical,4.1,"Eveready Red AA, 1.5 V batteries provide better capacity power which also lasts longer. A zinc-carbon battery is a dry cell primary battery that delivers about 1.5 volts of direct current from the electrochemical reaction between zinc and manganese dioxide."
1415,Cheese Blocks,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Heritage,98.1,109,Cheese,3.5,"Heritage cheese blocks are made from cheese, sodium citrate, common salt, citric acid permitted natural colour. It is made from cow/buffalo milk using microbial rennet. It is a wonderful blend of aroma and texture. It is a great source of calcium, fat, and protein and contains high amounts of vitamins A and B-12, along with zinc, phosphorus, and riboflavin."
1416,Biscuits - Cream 4 Fun (Pineapple Flavor),Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Dukes,25,30,Cream Biscuits & Wafers,4,"Dukes Pineapple Cream Biscuits are crusty, sugary and good in flavor. Dukes Pineapple Cream Biscuit is for those people who like the wonderful flavor of tiger biscuits with a flavorful pineapple cream filling."
1417,Almond/Badam Californian 500g + Cashew/Kaju Whole 500g,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",bb Royal,955,1750,Dry Fruits & Berries,3.5,"EAN Code: 1202071 Country of origin: India For Queries/Feedback/Complaints, Contact our Customer Care Executive at: Phone: 1860 123 1000 | Address: Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited, Ranka Junction 4th Floor, Tin Factory bus stop. KR Puram, Bangalore - 560016 Email:customerservice@bigbasket.com"
1418,"Store Fresh Microwaveable Plastic Container Set - Transparent, Green, L5682C9-10","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Princeware,325,325,Containers Sets,3,"This container is made from the high-quality food-grade material and comes with a secure & tight-fit lid. It offers easy stacking and is ideal for keeping your cabinets organised. You can store dry cereals, pasta, chips, cookies and many other things in this container."
1419,Vegetable & Fruit Wash Spray with 100% Natural Action,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Nimwash,117,130,Disinfectant Spray & Cleaners,3.9,"Water alone is not effective for germ removal and cleaning vegetables & fruits. It often leaves behind pesticides and is not able to disinfect the vegetables and fruits from food-borne illnesses causing germs. This can affect the health and safety of your family. Introducing ITC’s Nimwash Vegetable & Fruit Wash Spray with 100% Natural Action and Neem & Citrus Fruit extracts, which effectively washes away pesticides & 99.9% germs* from the vegetables & fruits in just 1 min. It has no added artificial dyes, bleach, chlorine or soap and is completely safe to use on your veggies & fruits."
1420,Premium Care Medium - 54 Diaper Pants,Baby Care,Diapers & Wipes,Pampers,813.26,1099,Diapers,4.3,"New Pampers Premium Pants with cotton-like soft materials is best for your babys delicate skin. Pampers Premium Pants contain lotion with Aloe Vera and 3 Air Channels which helps your babys skin breathe. Experience 5 Star comfort with unique added features like Wetness Indicator which turns Yellow to Blue indication when you may change and Disposal Tape which helps you in the easy disposal of the diaper. Pampers is the No. 1 choice of Doctors for diapers. Pampers Premium Pants are available in New-born (NB), S, M, L, XL and XXL sizes."
1421,Himalayan Pink Salt - Premium Quality,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,Nutriorg,250,250,Exotic Sugar & Salt,2.8,"• Nutriorg Himalayan Pink Salt is one of the Purest Salt available on Earth. • It contains over 84 minerals and trace elements including Magnesium, Calcium, Potassium, Copper & Iron. • Nutriorg Pink Himalayan salt colour, as well as it's colour variations, is indicative of its mineral content. It is used for Gourmet Culinary and bath • Nutriorg Himalayan Pink Salt is Wooden Cursed and 100% Premium Quality Himalayan Pink Salt.• Nutriorg pink salt is a premium quality wooden crushed pink salt. • Regular use of Nutriorg pink salt helps in controlling BP, Control cholesterol."
1422,Popular Stainless Steel Outer Lid Pressure Cooker (20652),"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Prestige,2450,2720,Pressure Cookers,4,"India's Favourite Pressure Cooker now with Stainless Steel body and Induction Base! The widely used and appreciated Prestige Popular SS Pressure Cooker comes with top of the line features. This cooker is made using best quality stainless steel which improves the durability of the cooker."
1423,"Heart Care - Apple Cider Vinegar Blended With Ginger, Garlic, Lemon, Honey",Gourmet & World Food,Oils & Vinegar,DrNatcure,449.1,499,Balsamic & Cider Vinegar,5,"The Ginger, Garlic, Lemon, Honey and Apple Cider Vinegar drink is believed to unclog fat and give multiple health benefits including but not limited to healthy heart, excellent in weight loss, helps in flushing out toxins from kidney, anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, improves immunity, relieves cold and cough, helps relieve throat and respiratory infections lowers cholesterol, helps relieve skin problems, especially acne and improves energy. The best drink before a meal to be taken on an empty stomach 15ml of this drink diluted with 100-120ml of water to be taken regularly to achieve maximum benefits."
1424,Everfresh+ Anti-Germ Gel Toothpaste - Red Hot,Beauty & Hygiene,Oral Care,Close Up,73,85,Toothpaste,4.3,"Do you brush your teeth hurriedly? Do you often forget to use mouthwash or not use it at all? Are your teeth dull and covered with a yellowish coating of plaque? Do u have bad breath? If your answer to the above questions is yes then Closeup Everfresh+ Gel Toothpaste is for you! Bad breath is a common condition that affects many people and has health as well as social implications."
1425,Toasted & Salted - Premium Cashew Nuts,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Happilo,316,395,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4,"A real treat with no added oils! These dry salted roasted cashews are the best you can find. They are delightfully crunchy and tasty, a natural treat that will make a great snack time."
1426,Shrikhand - Mango,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Milky Mist,199,220,Yogurt & Shrikhand,4.2,"Milky Mist Mango Srikhand is a semi-soft, sweet and slightly sour milk dessert, which is prepared with the help of lactic, fermented curd. The flavour of mango gives a refreshing twist and it is perfect to savour chilled on a hot summer day. The soft and uniform texture of the mango Srikhand ensures that you get every bit of the whole milk goodness with every spoonful."
1427,Kitchen Multiutility Plastic Tray No. 1 - Pink,Cleaning & Household,Bins & Bathroom Ware,Princeware,89,142,"Laundry, Storage Baskets",3.7,It is made of polypropylene and it is really durable with high endurance. It features a strong and sturdy construction and is ideal for daily use due to its compact weight. The polypropylene material adds to a great mix of quality and style.				
1428,Ayurvedic Tea Tree & Activated Charcoal Face Pack,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Natural Vibes,499,499,Face Care,1,"Natural Vibes Tea Tree and Activated Charcoal Face Pack is an Ayurvedic proprietary blend formulated with 6 dynamic ingredients Tea Tree, Activated Charcoal, Multani Mitti, Aloe Vera, Cedarwood and Lavender. The damage done to our skin every day due to pollution and various external factors is inevitable. What we can and must do is damage control. Fights acne/blemishes, cleanse the dirt trapped in your pores, lighten your skin tone and treat sun damage with our face pack.Â Additionally, the soothing essential oils blended in our formulation will help you calm down and unwind after a long day. We promise you a healing and therapeutic experience.Natural benefits gifted by our Mother Nature:Â Tea Tree due to its anti-inflammatory properties control the sebum production in the skin, thus fighting acne, blemishes and dark spots."			
1429,White oats,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,Quaker,395,395,Imported Oats & Porridge,3.5,World famous Quacker White oats
1430,Nutties Chocolate Pack,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Cadbury,39.6,40,Chocolates,4.2,Candied nuts usually almonds and cashews with a thick choclate coating. The chocolate melts in your mouth and the crushed nuts in the center gives it the much needed crunch. Don't give it a second thought try this and give yourself the pleasure of tasting heaven.
1431,Ready Meals - Palak Paneer,Snacks & Branded Foods,Ready To Cook & Eat,Gits,120,135,Heat & Eat Ready Meals,4.1,"Gits Ready Meals - Palak Paneer is a north Indian pleasure. Tasty meal of tender chunks of Indian Cottage Cheese and fresh spinach mixture cooked in a mildly peppery curry. Get pleasure from with rice, chappati, nan or paratha. Tastes just like finished fresh at home."
1432,Day Cream - Vitamin C,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Aroma Magic ,780,1200,Face Care,4,"100% free of petrochemicals, phthalates, toxic ingredients, artificial fragrance and color. Light, non-greasy day cream enriched with SPF I 5. Packed with a natural source of Vitamin C, protects while the pomegranate juice strengthens the skin's upper layer. Shea butter & aloe vera gel balances and moisturizes the skin to replenish the moisture lost during the day. Extracts of orange, apple, and algae rich in mineral and natural enzymes help to lighten & hydrate the skin. The powerful blend of chamomile, lavender & helichrysum essential oils, together with avocado oil, offer optimum sun protection. Leave your skin soft, supple & exquisite every single day.Tip: Following a regular skin care regime can help you achieve flawless skin. For more tips on skin care, visit bigbasket lifestyle blog, Click Here to visit bigbasket’s lifestyle blog"
1433,Cheese - Pizza,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Go ,99,140,Cheese,3.9,"Go Pizza Cheese serves as an excellent topping on your favourite pizza	 whether you are having a barbecued chicken or a simple tomato pizza, the creamy melted white delight makes it more appetizing. A perfect blend of mozzarella and processed cheddar Go Pizza cheese will bring back the flavours of a typical Italian pizza at home."				
1434,Rice Puttupodi,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala","Atta, Flours & Sooji",Elite,95,95,Rice & Other Flours,4.2,Puttu is a Kerala food at its best. white puttupodi will ensure that you relish the traditional breakfast of steamed puttu served with assorted dishes. This is a highly popular dish from Kerela and Sri Lanka.
1435,Stainless Steel Handi - Flat Bottom,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,Kitchen Essentials,429,670,Cook And Serve,4,Get this high-quality Handi from the Kitchen Essentials made of stainless steel that comes in different sizes. It has a flat bottom which makes it sturdy. It is specially designed to suit all your home and kitchen purposes at once.
1436,Cashew/Godambis - Spanish Chilli Dry Roasted,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Dry Fruits,Delicious,149,149,Cashews,3.8,"Dry Roasting with Cyclone chamber technology is a revolutionary new process for roasting without oil or preservative, Selected cashew kernels are dry roated with exotic flavours to enhance the natural taste of Cashew Kernels. Click here for unique and delicious recipes - https://www.bigbasket.com/flavors/collections/231/dry-fruits-berries-nuts/"
1437,Sugar Free Cashew Cookies,Snacks & Branded Foods,Biscuits & Cookies,Unibic,40,40,Cookies,4.2,"Unibic Sugarfree Cashew cookies are deliciously soft, chewy and healthy cookies with 9% cashew. It contains maltitol and no added sugar."
1438,Disney Belle Princess Kids Plastic Lunch Box With Detachable Steel Tray,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Hm International,339,399,Lunch Boxes,5,"This plastic lunch box is made of high-quality stainless steel inside. It is 100% BPA-free and food grade. It has a 4 side lock and lock style insulated hot case airtight lunch box, with a small chutney container. It is microwave safe and dishwasher safe. Wash thoroughly before first use."
1439,"Snack Time - Raita Masala, Chatpata Flavour","Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Keya,84,99,Blended Masalas,3.7,Keya Raita Masala comes with the perfect blend of spices required to make healthy and delicious Raita at home easily. Use it in any dish made with curd and impart mouth-watering flavours to it.
1440,Basil Seed Drink - Lychee,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Fruitoria,89.1,99,Gourmet Juices & Drinks,3.5,"This refreshing and healthy Basil seed drink is the perfect, healthy drink to quench thirst. Basil seeds are known for their health benefits, which includes, reducing stress, cooling the body and facilitating digestion. The drink can also be enjoyed as an accompaniment for snacks, or as a flavourful thirst quencher."
1441,Styling Shampoo For Men - Cooling & Style,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Set Wet Studio X,399,399,Bath & Shower,5,"Celebs are always ahead of the trend-setting curve with their dapper and suave looks, all thanks to expert styling. Its their X-factor that separates the best from the rest! Set Wet Studio X, co-created with top celeb stylist Aalim Hakim is that X-factor for your daily grooming routine.An expert grooming range for men who want to sport that celeb look every day. Keep your style game effortlessly on point. Take the spotlight and be the trend. Studio X Cooling & Style Shampoo For Men brings the perfect balance of softness, shine and volume. It also gives you a burst of aqua cooling, making your hair fresh and style-ready with every wash. Its time to style your hair the way you want."
1442,Tea Bags - Peach Apricot,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Mlesna,350,350,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,Mlesna Peach Apricot Tea Bags is a garden fresh tea prepared with natural Peach Apricot to provides you a fragrant flavor which is so wonderful and crisp.
1443,Anti-Aging Face Wash With Hyaluronic Acid And Vitamin C,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Globus Naturals,156,195,Face Care,4.5,"Deeply cleans without drying, eliminate the breakouts while removing excess oil, makeup, and bacteria. It penetrates pores to eliminate, clear up, and prevent the development of new acne blemishes while allowing the skin to heal. It is a deep pore cleanser which contains exfoliating beads, thus helping the removal of dead cells.This controls pimples, remove excess oil deeply cleanses impurities, hydrates and moisturises for soft & smooth skin."
1444,Serie Expert Inforcer Masque,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,LOreal Professionnel,820,820,Hair & Scalp Treatment,3.5,"Deeply replenish damaged hair with the LOreal Professionnel Serie Expert Inforcer Masque, a rich & powerful treatment, specifically developed for weak and fragile locks. Utilising a strengthening blend of Vitamin B6 and Biotin, the creamy hair mask envelopes hair with moisture and nutrients, seeking to impart a soft texture and minimise the appearance of split ends. Perfect for long hair in need of a boost, it improves manageability, resilience, and lustre for healthier looking locks. Inforcer Masque, for strengthening fragile hair. With a Biotin and B6 vitamin- enriched boost, this reinforcing masque is designed to target breakage and split ends, leaving hair soft and healthy. With continued use, Inforcer masque will help your hair become more resistant and stronger. Use once a week as a deep treatment to promote strength."
1445,Bar Cake - Vanilla,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Cakes & Pastries,Elite,30,30,Tea Cakes & Slice Cakes,4,"Sugar, Wheat Flour, Eggs, Edible Vegetable Oil, Edible Starch, Humectant (E 420), Acidity Regulators (E 260), Emulsifiers, Salt, Preservatives (E 282, E 202), Leaving Agent (E 341, E 500, E 334)."
1446,Coconut - Diced,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Fruits,Fresho,39,48.75,Cut & Peeled Veggies,3.5,Our freshly diced coconut can be used directly in many ways without having to worry about the rough external shell and fibrous husk
1447,Organic Sprouts Moong Green,Fruits & Vegetables,Cuts & Sprouts,Fresho,29,36.25,Fresh Salads & Sprouts,3.5,"Bean sprouts are the young shoots of the mung bean with petite pale yellow to pale green leaves attached on a silvery bright white shoot. With a high water content, bean sprouts offer a crunch and subtle nutty flavour. We take a very good care while growing and preparing sprouts in order to prevent contamination. Moong bean sprouts are low in calories and rich in fiber and Vitamins B, C and K. They are also rich in iron and folate. Folate is recommended to pregnant women, to prevent birth imperfections in the fetus."
1448,FunFoods Pasta Alfredo With Cheese,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Dr. Oetker,119,119,Tomato Ketchup & Sauces,4.1,"Ever wondered why that white sauce pasta tastes so good at your favourite restaurant? Think no more, FunFoods by Dr. Oetker brings to you the secret ingredient that can help you create yummy pasta at home - Pasta Alfredo with Cheese. Experience the richness of creamy alfredo with cheese and enjoy with your family."
1449,Good Bite Natural - Beef,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Pet Food & Accessories,Ferplast,540,540,Pet Meals & Treats,3.5,"It Has No Expiry Date, Helps Dental Hygiene And Safe If Ingested By Your Pet"
1450,Nutella B-Ready,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Ferrero,595,595,"Chocolate, Peanut Spread",3.5,"Nutella B-ready a delicious and convenient snack filled with creamy nutella and delicious wheat crispies, all in a baked crunchy wafer. Bring a smile to your day with nutella b-ready! A delicious crunchy wafer shell filled with creamy Nutella® and sprinkled with puffed wheat crisps. Nutella® B-ready is the most convenient way to enjoy the unique Nutella® taste in a multi-texture combination!"
1451,Nose Strips - Deep Cleansing,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,Clenz U,59,59,Face Care,4,"Deep Cleansing Nose Strip are specially designed to remove blackheads and unclog pores, The Strips adheres to dirt and oil on the nose area, and the design of the strip allows easy application, even in the hard to reach areas, Once the strips is removed you will see improvement in your skin pores and appearance. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1452,Crispy Coconut Chips,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",Tong Garden,63.75,75,Trail & Cocktail Mixes,3.7,"You don’t have to be jetting off to some tropical island, with these coconut chips, it will make you feel like you are in snack paradise. According to a dietician, coconut is great for brain function and sustained energy levels. These light browned and slightly sweet chips with the perfect crunch are impeccably delicious and surprisingly addicting."
1453,5 Star Chocolate Bar,Snacks & Branded Foods,Chocolates & Candies,Cadbury,39.2,40,Chocolates,4.3,"A delicious indulgent combination of chocolate, caramel and nougat. Longer-lasting chewy multi textured chocolate eat experience."
1454,Raw Chia Seeds - Premium Raw Chia Seeds for Eating,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",True Elements,270,300,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,4.2,"True Elements brings to you Raw White Chia Seeds that are loaded with health benefits and nutrients. It is 100% natural, free from any chemicals or preservatives and best selected. They are slightly subtle and nutty flavoured seeds. It can be eaten raw, soaked in juice, added to porridge, pudding, smoothies or added to baked goods. It can also sprinkle them on top of cereal, yogurt, vegetables or rice dishes."
1455,Organic - Sonamasoori Rice/Akki (White),"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Organic Staples,Pro Nature,99,99,"Organic Rice, Other Rice",4.2,"Pro Nature Organic Sonamasoori Rice (White) is white and low starch. It is medium grained, slightly sweet- smelling and finest had plain, as part of a curry meal. It is also first-class when made into pongal. It is classically used in making briyani, pongal or fried rice. It is softer than the other variety white rice and has got a distinctive taste and taste to it. It is really healthy food. It tastes sweeter than usual rice and has been grown-up free from chemical fertilizers and pesticides."
1456,Patchouli Man EDT,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Nike,324.35,499,Eau De Toilette,3.5,"A brand inspired by the Greek goddess of victory, it personifies strength, speed and energy and it launched its first perfume in 1929. Since then, a wide assortment of fragrance collections has hit the marketplace with refreshing, and eye-catching proposals that capture the essence and lifestyle of today´s man and woman. Nike Patchouli man perfume is an active formula gives you continuous effective protection against perspiration odours during the whole day. Spray it on and smell the scent of success."
1457,"Adult Diaper Pants - Unisex, M",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Doctor's Choice ,550,550,Adult Diapers,3.5,"Dr. C also called Doctor's Choice is a good quality adult diaper with antibacterial and deodorisation coating."
1458,Rajasthani Lehsun Chutney,Gourmet & World Food,"Sauces, Spreads & Dips",Nutty Yogi,149,149,"Jams, Marmalade, Spreads",2.5,"Nutty Yogi Rajasthani Lehsun Chutney is hygienically processed from the best quality garlic. This traditional style chutney is spicy and flavourful that complement to any meal. This mouthwatering chutney is made from garlic, whole red chilli, vinegar, lemon, cold-pressed mustard oil, salt, sugar. It has natural antioxidants, improving digestive health, providing vitamin C, and is healthy."
1459,Millet Masala Oats - Spicy Tamatar Twist,Snacks & Branded Foods,Breakfast Cereals,GoodDiet,90.5,181,Oats & Porridge,3.5,Multi millet Muesli is a rich source of nutrients that are wholesome and beneficial for our body. Adding to it the oats and brown rice makes it a power-packed and tasty all-day dish. No wonder we say Good diet is a healthy diet. Good Diet is from the house of BigBasket that promises to power-pack your diet with a fitness punch.
1460,Strawberry Lip Balm,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,INATUR ,187.5,250,Lip Care,3.5,"Strawberry Lip Balm is a nourishing lip balm made from pure oils and butter and free from parabens and silicones. It contains Shea Butter, Almond Oil, Strawberry Oil and protects lips from getting dry or chapped."
1461,Pure Melamine Small Tray - Peruvian Lily,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Crockery & Cutlery,Servewell,195,195,Plates & Bowls,3.5,"Servewell presents you with the 100% food grade melamine crockeries that are dishwasher safe and break resistant. These are durable, non-toxic and hygienic. Serve your guests in these beautiful Servewell trays that are made from superior quality plastic, which is durable and trendy. These melamine serving trays are aesthetically pleasing and possess an important functional advantage, such as stackability."
1462,Certified Organic Groundnut Oil,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Edible Oils & Ghee,Nutriorg,242.25,255,Groundnut Oil,3.9,"Nutriorg Certified Organic Groundnut oil is made from certified organic Groundnut oil which is cultivated in our own farms located in a different part of Rajasthan. This oil is good for skin. It is a rich source of protein, vitamin K, E."
1463,Slim & Detox - Natural Weight Loss Formula,Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,GoYNG,1299.35,1999,Supplements & Proteins,1,"Advanced and certified safe herbal cleanse and detox formula with strong immunity ingredients. It promotes digestive wellness, helps in immunity, acts on colon cleansing and helps eliminate waste and toxins thus helping weight loss. Get slim with side effects of Immunity, energy and Detox. Easy & Effective advanced cleansing & weight loss formula. It contains more than 11 powerful ingredients like Amla fibre, Cuminum cyminum, Commiphora Mukul, Plumbago Salonica, Carom seed, Guggul, Mulethi, Piperine etc. All-natural ingredients with no preservatives, no artificial colour, no fillers or additives just pure goodness."
1464,"Combo Kit - Stationery, Colour, Art 6 pcs + Sketch Pens - Assorted Colour 12 pcs",Cleaning & Household,Stationery,Classmate,124,129,Colours & Crayons,3.5,"Classmate Colour Crew range of art materials, with its child-safe, rich and vibrant colours, has been specially designed keeping in mind a child's learning needs from developing motor skills, hand-eye coordination, to colour recognition and much more. Now create everything you can imagine with our diverse range of products ranging from Wax Crayons, Oil Pastels, Plastic Crayons and Sketch Pens."
1465,"Hibiscus Flower - Herbal Red Tea, Caffeine Free",Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Blue Tea,699,699,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"BLUE TEA - Hibiscus Flower-Herbal Red Tea - 100g - 50 Cups | •Our Brand Blue Tea Provides Sun-Dried Natural Egyptian Hibiscus Flowers handpicked from farms of West Africa. •It is used worldwide by Bars in cocktails for 100% Natural Herbs, Natural Weight Loss Reduces Bloating - Cinnamon, Fennel aids in digestion and acts as a natural diuretic and help to reduce bloating and makes it one of the best weight loss products for women and men. It makes you feel energized."
1466,Steel Flat Bottom Tope/Patila/Bhagona - No. 10,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Cookware & Non Stick,BB Home,159,219,Cook And Serve,3.5,"The Tope/Patila is multi-tasking utensil used for heating your favourite beverages – tea, milk. It is also used to prepare rice and heat food. It is also used for serving and forms an integral part of your modular kitchen."
1467,Natural Mosquito Repellent Patches,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Mamaearth,199,199,Mosquito Repellent,3.7,"Hi! I am Mamaearths 100% natural mosquito repellent patch for babies. I am DEET free with NO harmful chemicals, insecticides or pesticides."
1468,Powder - Coriander,"Foodgrains, Oil & Masala",Masalas & Spices,Aachi,26.1,29,Powdered Spices,4.3,"Aachi Coriander Powder sprinkle a little on your favourite dish, its natural green colour makes the dish look even more delicious. This powdered coriander is good for digestion, it also increases appetite. It is store it in an airtight container to preserve its aroma that helps to increase the shelf life and keep the aroma for long time."
1469,"Disinfectant Floor & Surface Cleaner - Pine, Kills 99.9% Germs",Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,BB Home,179,179,Floor & Other Cleaners,3.5,BbHome disinfectant cleaner comes from the house of bigbasket. The cleaner helps remove all types of germs and stains and leaves a pleasant fragrance. It kills germs and protects you and your family from harmful germs and disease-causing bacteria. BbHome range brings quality products at a reasonable price to all customers of Bigbasket.
1470,Chicken - Salami Masala Sliced,"Eggs, Meat & Fish","Sausages, Bacon & Salami",Meatzza,260,275,Chicken Sausages,3.5,Meatzza Chickrn Salami is made from Tender Chicken Meat which gives you best taste in sandwich and salad.
1471,Floor Cleaner - Jasmine,Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Floroma,70,70,Floor & Other Cleaners,4.2,"Is Herbal Perfumed Deodoriser and Cleaner,3.5, Is Ideally Suited for Cleaning Floors, Kitchen and Toilets, repels flies, Mosquitoes and Cocokroaches away."
1472,Kung Pao Sauce,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,SPICHI,62.5,125,"Curry Paste, Coconut Milk",1,"SPICHI Kung Pao Sauce is made such that it has two layers of flavour, one from spices and the other from our balance via Chinkan Vinegar, Jaggery and Soya Sauce."
1473,Apple Fruit Juice,Beverages,Fruit Juices & Drinks,Paper Boat,80,80,Juices,3.5,"‘An apple a day keeps the doctor away’ might just be the main mantra of the Indian parent’s handbook, no? Which kid wasn’t raised with sermons on how one must eat apples for health? It’s a good thing that this biblical fruit is juicy, tasty and fulfilling or else we’d really have a bone to pick with our parents. Growing up we had a family joke, that no matter what time of the day you tell mom you’re hungry she has a standard response, ‘apple khaa lo’. In fact we reached a point where we would ask her just for this automated response and then giggle away to glory. In our household, apples were not just the breakfast fruit, however, because we made warm apple pies and trifle pudding with apple pieces regularly. The unsung hero of fruits, it truly was versatile and is the family’s go-to snack option to this day!"
1474,Almond Flour - Low Carb Keto,Gourmet & World Food,Cooking & Baking Needs,By Nature,450,450,Flours & Pre-Mixes,4.2,"Keto-friendly & gluten-free, almond flour is obtained by removing the skin of almonds i.e blanching and then finely milling the skinned almonds."
1475,"Floor Cleaner - Citrus 500 ml + Floral - 500 ml, Kills 99.9% Germs",Cleaning & Household,All Purpose Cleaners,Lizol,161.78,191,Floor & Other Cleaners,4.2,"Lizol is Indias No.1 floor cleaning brand and recommended by the Indian Medical Association. Keep your home fresh and germ-free with Lizols comprehensive 3 in 1 home-care solution. Lizol Disinfectant Surface Cleaner contains a distinctive formulation that kills 99.9% germs and gives 10 times better cleaning and germ protection than standard Phenyls, keeping the whole house cleaner, shinier, and germ-free. The product is available in 8 different fragrances and is perfect for floors, tiles, sinks, kitchen counters, and all other washable surfaces in your home."
1476,Alkaline Battery AAA-2B,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Appliances & Electricals,Panasonic,70,80,Battery & Electrical,4.3,"1. It is highly advisable to use batteries of the same type, brand, size and expiry date in one appliance 2. Don’t charge an alkaline or zinc-carbon battery, they are not designed to be charged. 3. 15 times longer lasting than ordinary Zinc Carbon Battery 4. Triple Tough Coating 5. Anti-Leak Seal 6. Protects power upto 10 years."
1477,Strong & Healthy Shampoo,Beauty & Hygiene,Hair Care,Meera,114.46,118,Shampoo & Conditioner,4.2,"Meera Strong & Healthy Shampoo contains Kunkudukai that gently cleanses your hair whilst Vitamin E enriched almond nourishes it from root to tip, giving you stronger and healthier hair with every wash."
1478,Amaranthus - Red,Fruits & Vegetables,Fresh Vegetables,Fresho,20,25,Leafy Vegetables,3.5,"A highly nutritious leafy vegetable, Red Amaranthus has bright red leaves and a flavor similar to a beat. The Red variety produces feathery purple, magenta, or red flowers from the central stalk which is packed with edible seeds. But once they mature and become bushy, they are not edible and should be avoided. Do not forget to check our delicious recipe - https://www.bigbasket.com/cookbook/recipes/1109/thotakura-vadiyalu-curry/"
1479,Amalfi Deo For Men,Beauty & Hygiene,Fragrances & Deos,Skinn by Titan,474.05,499,Men's Deodorants,4.5,This vibrant and fresh Amalfi Deo For Men is inspired by the fresh Mediterranean breeze flowing through the fields of aromatic herbs.
1480,Lemongrass Skin Care Spa Set,Beauty & Hygiene,Skin Care,BodyHerbals,699,699,Aromatherapy,3.5,Gift yourself or your loved ones lemongrass soap spa set. The ayurvedic blend of lemongrass with other herbs and natural loofah scrubs away dead skin and tan from the body hence giving a youthful complexion. It moisturises the skin by providing complete hydration.
1481,"Loofah/Sponge Scrubber/Body Bath - Hangable, Dual Side, Brown, BH-064D BRN",Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,BB Home,139,189,Bathing Accessories,3.5,"Improve your skin's blood circulation and eliminate the dead skin cells by using this brown loofah. The loofah is composed of slightly coarse fibres and microfiber cloth that exfoliate the skin, resulting in smooth and glowing skin."
1482,Organic - Nippat,Snacks & Branded Foods,Snacks & Namkeen,Phalada Pure & Sure,90,90,Namkeen & Savoury Snacks,4.5,"All Natural, Certified Organic, No Trans Fat, No GMO, No MSG, No Cholesterol, Pure & Sure is a range of Certified Organic Food Products from Phalada Agro, All of our product are sourced directly from farmers and processed with hygienic conditions in a Certified Processing Facility, More than 10 years of experience in Organic Agriculture Phalad work with more than certified farmers across."
1483,Room Freshener - Dreams of Dew Lavender,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Good Home,149,149,Air Freshener,4.8,"Fill your room with the exotic and refreshing fragrance of lavender from Good Home Dreams of Dew. Packed with refreshing fragrances, Good home room fresheners will fill every corner of your rooms with pleasant aromas. Now unwind at home surrounded by the best fragrances from Good home room fresheners."
1484,"Biotin With Selenium Effervescent Tablets - Hair & Nail Vitamin, Lime & Lemon",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Chicnutrix,388,485,Supplements & Proteins,3.5,"Vital Vitamins to support and maintain healthy hair and nails Prevents biotin deficiency in the body Helps in conversion of nutrients in the body Clinically Proven Ingredients, Dermatologist approved & 100% Vegan Gentle on Stomach & Great on taste in delicious lime and lemon flavour Pack of 2 tubes, each tube contains 15 effervescent tablets"
1485,Thums Up Soft Drink 750 ml + Sprite Soft Drink - Lime Flavoured 750 ml,Beverages,Energy & Soft Drinks,bb Combo,80,80,Cold Drinks,3.5,"Thums Up Soft Drink 750 ml Bottle Thums Up has a strong taste packed with a punch of soda has often defined an adventurous aspect of the drinker personality. These people have tasted the thunder and will have it no other way. You can too ride the epic wave of excitement and adventure with Thums Up, anytime, anywhere! The strong taste of Thums Up drink is perfect for when you really want to taste the thunder and bring out the toofani side of yours. Thums Up is among the largest selling soft drinks in the country and has been a favourite among the adventure-inclined youngsters for several decades. Sprite Soft Drink - Lime Flavoured 750 ml BottleSprite is a clear lime drink truly meant to quench your thirst & refresh you since 1999. Now, do not confuse thirst with anything else under the sky! It is not your agony aunt but just a drink that refreshes you."
1486,72% Alcohol Based Hand sanitizer,Beauty & Hygiene,Bath & Hand Wash,BB Home,159,250,Hand Wash & Sanitizers,3.5,"BB Home Hand sanitiser with a sterilisation rate of 99.99% helps kill microorganisms on your hand without causing irritation to your skin or drying it out. Easy to carry, BB Home sanitiser can be carried easily in your bag, at home, office or for any travel plan etc. BB Home Hand Sanitiser should be applied any time you’re in contact with germs or intend on avoiding bacterial influx."
1487,"Sitishield D95 Mask – Medium, Black",Beauty & Hygiene,Health & Medicine,Dettol,254.15,299,Face Masks & Safety Gears,2.1,"Dettol D95 mask contains a 6 Layer Triple Particle Filtration System. It has a unique Splash Resistance feature which gives protection from contaminated fluids. The mask is designed to provide wider face coverage for maximum protection. It consists of an adjustable nose clip, soft & elastic earloops for extra comfort and also ensures there is minimal eyewear fogging on wearing."
1488,Premium Natural Anti Mosquito Patches,Cleaning & Household,Fresheners & Repellents,Bodyguard,85.5,90,Mosquito Repellent,2.7,"Made in India, Bodyguard Premium Mosquito Patches by Sirona are natural mosquito patches that are safe for all age groups, including children. These are DEET free, contains no harmful chemicals and are perfect for indoor and outdoor activities. It is generally effective for 12 hours."
1489,Green Chilli Sauce,Snacks & Branded Foods,"Spreads, Sauces, Ketchup",Ching'S Secret,84,105,Chilli & Soya Sauce,3.9,"• Prepared hygienically with the latest technology • Made using traditional recipes and fine ingredients • Very versatile - can be used as marinades, dips or in stir-fries • Enhances the flavours of any Desi Chinese dish Perfect dining table companions!"
1490,New Orchid 1500 Casserole For Roti/Chapati - Dark-Brown,"Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Flask & Casserole,Milton,329,420,Casserole,4.8,"Celestial casseroles are double- walled, with a stainless-steel inner surface to keep food hot, fresh and tasty."
1491,Plain Cheese - Processed Angles,"Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Dairy,Go,85,100,Cheese,4.6,"You can melt them, grate them or eat them. Don't tell your parents about the last one. Go cheese is cheesy, but even you are so grate. The processed angles work so hard, it can be shredded. Making cheese is our passion at Go. Go is also the largest supplier of cheese to not only hotels, restaurants, pizza chains and so on, but street food stalls as well in India. Go has received many awards for its range and quality of products."
1492,"Thin Cookie - Salted Caramel, Gluten Free","Bakery, Cakes & Dairy","Cookies, Rusk & Khari",Fresho Signature,109,149,Premium Cookies,3.5,Cherish the heavenly taste of these incredibly delicious Fresho Signature gluten-free thins. Every sensational bite of this artisanal handmade treat is sure to leave you craving for more.
1493,"Walnut Brownie - Organic Jaggery, Wholewheat, Eggless, Sugarfree","Bakery, Cakes & Dairy",Cakes & Pastries,BHealthy,159,159,Pastries & Brownies,2,BHealthy Brownie is a delicious combination of organic jaggery and walnuts. Have this with your favorite topping of ice cream or keep it simple and have it directly to relish the delicious combination and health benefits of both jaggery and walnuts. All BHealthy cakes are wholewheat and eggless - baked to perfection using minimum healthy olive oil. They are good for children and can also be packed for school as a snack. Take them along on a trip as they are the healthiest food to have while travelling. The cake does not contain preservatives.
1494,Cosmopolitan - Cranberry & Orange,Beverages,Energy & Soft Drinks,&Stirred,50,50,Soda & Cocktail Mix,4.1,"& Stirred Cocktail Mix is the easiest way to make your favourite cocktail. This Cosmopolitan mix is a classic blend of cranberries, lemon and a dash of orange, which can be added with ice and sipped on as a mocktail or can be served with vodka as a cocktail. They are ideal for serving at parties or a small get together."
1495,Pumpkin Seeds 100 g + Palm Jaggery 250 g Tin,Gourmet & World Food,"Snacks, Dry Fruits, Nuts",By Nature,450,450,Roasted Seeds & Nuts,3.5,"Pumpkin seeds are nutritional powerhouses wrapped up in a very small package, with a wide variety of nutrients ranging from magnesium and manganese to copper, protein and zinc.Palm Sugar is obtained from the nectar of the flowers growing high in the coconut trees. These flowers are opened to collect the liquid flower nectar, which is then air tried to form crystalline Palm Sugar. It is naturally rich in a number of key vitamins, minerals and phytonutrients, including potassium, zinc, iron, and vitamins B1, B2, B3 and B6."
1496,Lather Shaving Cream - Good Morning,Beauty & Hygiene,Men's Grooming,Park avenue,55.2,69,Shaving Care,4.3,"This shaving cream comes from the same fragrance family as Good Morning deodorants. It contains allantoin - an active skin protector. For Beauty tips, tricks & more visit https://bigbasket.blog/"
1497,"Container - Polka Print, Assorted Colour","Kitchen, Garden & Pets",Storage & Accessories,Swastik,110,110,Containers Sets,3.2,"Swastik Jars and Containers are made from high-quality food-grade Plastics PP Raw Material. Saaj PP products ensure safety, hygiene and quality for you and your family. Do not use hot water to wash these. These containers are airtight, BPA free, freezer safe, stackable and unbreakable food storage container. These are suitable for keeping pickle, dry fruits, cookies, wet and dry food."
1498,Artisanal Muesli - Cranberry & Almond,Gourmet & World Food,Cereals & Breakfast,By Nature,135,135,Muesli & Rice Cakes,3.5,"By Nature, Artisanal Muesli is a sweet and crunchy super-cereal that doubles up as a delightful on-the-go snack. An indulgent blend of superfoods such as oats, millets, nuts and nutrition-dense seeds, it is gently baked to perfection to titillate your taste buds and give you a much-needed boost any time of the day."
1499,Natural Mineral Water,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Evian,250,250,"Aerated, Still, Sparkling",3.5,"EAN Code: 3068320080000 Country of origin: France For Queries/Feedback/Complaints, Contact our Customer Care Executive at: Phone: 1860 123 1000 | Address: Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited, Ranka Junction 4th Floor, Tin Factory bus stop."
1500,Tea Bags - Strawberry,Gourmet & World Food,Drinks & Beverages,Mlesna,350,350,Gourmet Tea & Tea Bags,3.5,"A blend of the premium ceylon teas from Sri Lanka and fragrant strawberry extract, this tea is packaged in a gorgeous softwood box with a sliding lid that you'll desire to keep around."